The diffuser made my curly hair really frizzy and messy.
"I've had this hairdryer for 7 months, and today it died."
The cord is so short I have to stand at the plug
send it back did/t work
I should have read through more of the reviews.  This is definitely NOT the hair dryer you want if you have arthritis. :-(  My husband has no issues and even he thinks it's too heavy.  It blows great.  No complaints there.  Just absolutely not the hair dryer for you if you have small hands or arthritis.
lasted all of 10 minutes before failing.
Smell burning from the dryer
Makes a noise like its broke
Sounds like it will burn out.
Not adjustable. My neck hurts.
"Pros:  -- Price    Cons:  -- Build quality, way bigger size and noise"
I bought this blow dryer in mid of May 2014 and it stopped working in mid of October 2014! Would never buy it again!
It melted into a pool of plastic in just a couple months.  Forget it.  This is junk
A bit noisy.did not like this item.
"Retractable cord broke in 2 weeks, I would not recommend this product."
"Worked well, died after a year of use."
To bulky for travel.
"As is likely with all hair dryers that have the retractible cord, it already quit working and I bought it in October 2013. Eight months later already quit. The two stars it got is for ease of drying your hair."
Item broke after 3 uses.
Worked well until it burned out. Worked well with both voltage settings. It trash now. Would not recommend this dryer.
I received this blow dryer today and it is NOT an Infiniti blow dryer. It is just a regular Conair blow dryer.
"Not Enough Heat!  The dryer does not get hot enough! I don't know if it is defective or by design that the air flowing from the dryer is not Hot enough and in not what I am used to compared to other dryers.  The original box was taped up, it might have been a return item.  Too late to return!"
"This product burned out after about 7 months of once a day, short usage. it is not reliable as this is the second (and last) one I have owned."
This hair dryer did not work after 2 weeks. I would not recomend anyone purchasing this hair dryer.  No manufacture info on box either.
"I have bought 3 of these in 5 years, they fall apart one way or another. I will in no way buy a 4th."
"I returned this hair dryer because, from the very beginning, the cord didn't retract. And, as some reviewers noted, it did seem surprisingly heavy for a travel hair dryer."
I only gave this a 2 star because i have medium to short hair and after 3/4 of an hour it did'nt dryit. i would not recomend this.
"I received this hair dryer in December of 2012, tried to use it in January of 2013, lifted the hood and a piece snapped off. Now my hair dryer hood does not stay in place. I cannot use this item and do not recommend it because it is not durable."
I was looking for a smaller unit than this and stil I am.; the one I got is still to bulky to go in my bags.
"This dryer is only 1800 watts -  I am sorry I didn't read closer, if the wattage was noted, and purchase a more high-powered dryer.  I didn't return this one because I discarded everything before realizing it.<br />Mary in VA"
I took this product to my doctor and he said the colon cleanse was the same as a laxative and the acai juice was just a placebo
"I bought this dryer, but when I recieved it and try it was not as powerful as i thought it would be . Then when I wanted to returne it they said they will be 15% restucking fee which sounds really sucks. If I did not open to try it how do I know that is work for me or not.I would never ever buy anything frome discount jungle."
The on off switch gets in the way of holding the handle and it often turns off while I am using it.
The on/off switch on this dryer needs improvement. I find myself turning the dryer off constantly while using it.
This hair dryer not hot enough and the motor was slow.  I have fine hair and when using this it made my hair freezy
"This hairdryer is very heavy and difficult to hold with one hand. I didn't notice anything special about the way it dries my hair. Other, cheaper hairdryers work just as well or better."
"For the longest time I was trying to figure out what the bad smell was in my bathroom.  Turns out it's the plastic piece that covers where the cord meets the dryer.  It smells a little like asparagus pee!  Totally confusing and I kept cleaning until I figured it out.  It's been weeks now and while the smell is getting better, I still smell it.  If you have a good sniffer, like I do, you probably want to avoid this product."
"Just purchased this a few months ago but didn't start using it until a few weeks ago.  It's only blowing cool air now, hard to believe it's a salon dryer. While it worked, it worked well but I can't return it now and it wasn't worth what I paid for it."
"The power is not very high, which I was really hoping for. It's much less than that of the Conair Infiniti."
"My previous Remington dryer (which I loved) died after a few years, so it was time for a new one.  The good reviews seemed legit for this one & I have the matching Remington Pearl Straightener, so I went for it.  BACKROUND:  I have long, thick, wavy, blonde hair that I wash & straighten every 3 days or so.  PROS:  I like the looks of this dryer & it dries my hair.  Other than that, this dryer is horrible!  CONS:  It is the heaviest dryer I have ever owned, the buttons are so awkwardly placed that it is difficult to get a good grip w/out changing a setting, & it takes a long time to dry my hair (much longer than my last few dryers).<br /><br />Why did so many people rave about this?  I don't get it.  I would return this if I could, but I already demolished the box.  Booooo!"
This is a bulky and hard to handle hairdryer. It would get to hot. I sent it back for a refund. I don't recommend it.
"I was surprised by how heavy and unwieldy this cheery yellow bird is.  I've been spoiled by lighter dryers and find my arms feeling weary and unwilling to spend time styling.  Not Conair's fault, it was my bad for thinking it would be lighter than it looks.  It's getting shoved to the back of a junk drawer.  Rats."
"The brush is way too soft. It doesn't make it through my hair, wet or dry. Had to send it back."
"I've now owned 3 Andis dryers and none has lasted past 2 1/2 years.  This one lasted just about 15 months.  Nice product, poor ROI."
"I was disappointed once we got these together.  Although they are advertised as having adjustable wind speed, they do not.  There is simply nothing where the diagram says the wind speed button should be.  We ordered three of these and they are all this way.  Good looking dryer, but will not purchase again."
I thought this would be an easier dryer for a young girl.  It's not.  It feels less powerful than my 6 year old Conair and the brush head that I thought would make it terrific is so flimsy-bristled it's useless.  My hair is fine and thin and the bristles just bend over if you try to use it.
"I bought this because my older Conair caught on fire one morning, after about 6 years of use. I needed something quick and inexpensive. That is what this is. The diffuser is not well conceived, the directional is poorly done. The airflow is slow, and the dryer doesn't seem to get hot enough. This worked well enough in a pinch, but is not my recommended choice for everyday use."
"Very heavy, didn't get hot enough to dry my hair.  Returned it."
"It was a nice hair dryer, came highly recommended by several sites. Unfortunately, it only lasted about 10 uses before the power began to surge and there was a distinct ozone odor coming from it. For safety I shut it off immediately. I don't use a hair dryer that often, so I had already had it past the time I could return it. I don't know if mine was a dud or not or if it perhaps was damaged some way in shipping, but I hesitate to buy the same model. It was to replace a dryer that had lasted me over 10 years, so I am very disappointed."
"Gifted this to my mom in India. Since they use 220Volts in India, I needed something with dual voltage. What I realized was this dryer only works on the HIGH setting at 220V. I first thought the button was jammed, so tried again after switching to 120V and the button to switch high/low worked. I was very disappointed, but couldn't return the product since I was in another country and this was a gift.<br />I believe the product is designed that way, I wish they mentioned it. A low setting is critical to set a hairstyle or curl your hair."
Drayer failed in low drying position after  weekend of normal use ! Whatever do i do. Next? Thanks
"not a fan of this dryer, it does dry my hair quickly, however it leaves my hair dry, frizzy and dull."
"Revlon RVDR5005 Ion Select 1875 Watt Travel Dryer<br /><br />Product works as it should, however, the concentrator styling attachment won't stay on.  I was away for 18 days after purchase and now find out I have exceeded the time for returning the hair dryer for a full refund.  I am not a happy Amazon shopper and will probably not purchase items from you again."
"I thought this was a more powerful dryer...my bad. I'm going to keep it since I like the color (LOL) and it dries well  with a high and low setting and 2 speeds, and has concentrator and attachment for curls. Both attachments are very tough to take off...I'm so afraid I'll break one of them....they need a better system to get them on and off. The dryer is only 1275 watts, not exactly powerful. And, very important, the buttons for high/low/off/ and heat settings are very small, and placed badly. I keep accidentally turning off the blower!"
"The quality of hair dryers are all over the map, just like the pricing. I've had cheap ones that have been outstanding, and expensive ones that have been horrible. This unit falls in between. While it is an 1875 watt Ionic, the heating/thermostat seems to be too variable. Even on the hottest setting it stays lukewarm unless you keep it on for longer then 5 minutes. I reminds me of a car warming up, in that it doesn't just start right away, you have to wait to get it right.<br />It is also a little bulkier than I imagined. I do not like the tiny ones, but I was looking for something that had some space considerations regarding storage. It is very large. Combine that with the heating issue and I could not recommend this, even at the price I paid."
"the heat stopped working after a few months from buying it. I have long and thick hair, and the blow dryer dried my hair in 20 minutes ... smooth with no frizz. I loved it. I didn't even need to use the straightener. Before the Andis 1875, I was using a cheap blow dryer, and it lasted a lot longer than the Andis, and I washed my hair every other day.  After I bought the Andis, I was washing my hair every 3rd day, and it crapped out on me after a few months. I would not recommend buying this blow dryer. :-("
"I bought this hair dryer in mid Jan 2013.  It had all the power of my beloved previous hair dryer, weighed much less and cost less as well.  It is now mid October 2013, a mere 10 months later,  and starting my brand new job, I went to dry my hair after my shower and it just wouldn't turn on. I reset the dryer. I reset the outlet.  I tested my curling iron on the same outlet and it turned on.  I tested the hair dryer on a different outlet in another room and it still wouldn't turn on.  I was a very light user since I had it.  I never left it out or even left it plugged in.  I always put away after each use.  The dust catch on the back end was still not even dusty.  Just dead for no reason.  Will be exploring the 12-month limited warranty on the manual, but don't know what compensation that will yield.  Will have to go back to Conair Pro Ceramic since it always served me very well without fail."
"It was way too loud, does not dry the hair as fast as other hair dryers. It pulls way too much current making all the places were I have used it tryp the brakers..... Was not happy at all and gave it away"
"The one good thing about this hair dryer is that it is quiet.  Other than that, it is no better than my $15, ten year-old Conair.  The Elchim did not dry my hair any faster and my hair is less frizzy when I let my hair air dry.  I wanted a high-end hair dryer and was disappointed.  I didn't find the Elchim to be worth the price."
"I have been using the Twinturbo 3200 everyday for 11 months. I bought it because I wanted a hair dryer that would blow very hot air. It worked great for about 9 months. After 9 months, the hot air wouldn't stay hot after 5 minutes of being on; it turns to warm air. Also, the diffuser falls off very often while the hair dryer is on. It's quite startling. My previous hair dryer was a SuperSolano that I used everyday for 6 YEARS before it failed. I do not recommend the Pibbs Twinturbo!! I am very disappointed with it."
"I really wanted to like this (especially when it arrived super fast -- within 24 hours of ordering).  Sadly, the cord was short, and it was difficult to hold and use without accidentally switching the buttons.  It left my hair feeling like straw.  Time to try another!"
"For all the loud sounds it makes, you'd think it was fiercely blowing air, but you'd be wrong.  It gets hot, but the air volume is low.  If stolen, I'd buy something else."
This item was disappointing. I was hoping that it would pack the same punch as the larger version but it's not as strong.
"This holder does hold a blowdryer but only in the downward position shown in the photo. The description says it can be adjusted up & down but that's not accurate. It can only be used down as shown in the photo & I don't know of anyone who just holds a blowdryer straight down to dry their hair. My blow dryer only fits in the holder pointed down. If I rotate it up, the blow dryer is stopped by the wall holding the holder. There's absolutely no chance of using any other angle. I tried sticking it to the tile (like in the photo) on my vanity top for a lateral angle, but not even 1 little suction cup would do anything but slide all over.  I guess holes have to be drilled through the tile to use it like in the photo. That wouldn't solve the rotation limitation problem. DIsapppointed!<br />DID arrive packed well & on time."
"This was my first small dyer! It was uncomfortable to hold, but the main reason I didn't like it was because it wasn't hot enough. It also made my hair look flat and limp."
"Weak blower as well. Why is it the old school Conair dryers would last for YEARS through the worst abuse, but these POS can't last 12 MONTHS under once per week use?  Supposed to be a one year warranty parts and labor. At $11 for a new unit, will cost more to ship to repair center than to buy a new one. Conair knows this unit is junk, hence the $11 price tag. What else is new?"
I ordered this hair dryer for an upcoming European trip.  I chose the black colored dryer over the white and got a different product.  The black is only for USA use and is lower voltage than the white.
I ordered 2 of these dryers and returned both.  My hair is very thick and it didn't blow hard enough nor hot enough to dry my hair.  If you don't have really thick or long hair--it will probably work just fine.
"I would not purchase this product.This blower dryer arbitrarily cuts out during blow drying. It does come back on after a couple of minutes, but I've never had a blow dryer do that before."
"Small and convenient, however heat seems low and hairdryer is rather loud."
Dryer is very loud and it broke down after 6 months of usage... will not recommend it to other buyers.
I ordered the Elchim Professional 2001 1800 Watt Classic Hair Dryer (Color May Vary) expecting a product somewhat looking as described--perhaps in different shades of red and black. The hair dryer came in black which I did not like. It was returned and the return hair dryer was also black. Since color coordination is an important factor in our tiny bathroom I was really disappointed with the product. I returned both packages and will purchase another red hair dryer. I thought the color description was misleading. I have not tried the product so I do not know about its quality.
I've used hard hood hair dryers since the 1960s.  This Hot Tools Pro 1061 is so light weight and cheaply made it hardly stays on the table.  The only two settings are HIGH (which almost burns your scalp) and LOW (which takes way too long to dry your hair).  Also it's very difficult to dry the lower back of the hair.  I feel it's disappointing.
"Lasted only a few months before it died. Simply stopped working both the motor and the heating. During the time that it worked, average product. Not the best but not the worst."
The product works but I was disappointed in it.  Speedstick deodorant works just as good when applying a tattoo stencil and is extremely cheaper.
Didn't work very long.
"not sure where other reviewers are coming from ,but i do not like this low dryer..it is way too cold even on warm setting and not strong enough..if it wasnt too late i would return it..plus the knobs are cheap plastic and about to fall off after 2 mos! waste of money!"
"After few minutes on , shut off , and it seen not to blow enough hot air to dry the hair. And, the attachments are not good quality."
"As others have written the night lights are worthless and stop working after about 2 days.  Unfortunetly I bought them because of the lights and thought they would look high end in my barbershop but instead made my shop look bad when I mounted them and one after another the lights started blowing out.  another issue is that I have personaly noticed is that the breaker triggers quite often if I use another item off the other socket.  Definetly, definetly not worth the price tag at all.  You can buy other blowers without the light for way way cheaper so your really paying for the extra light feature which doesnt work anyway."
"I ordered this hairdryer for the simple task of quickly drying my short hair. I did not use it for styling or anything complicated, just simply for drying. At first it worked fine. Five months later, the hot setting clicks off one minute into running the hairdryer, and when that happens, there is a flash of light inside the dryer. The cold setting is not warm enough to dry my hair, so essentially, it is now useless. I should probably need to stop using it anyways, because the flash indicates the there is something wrong with the wiring and it is not safe to use anymore. I went back to return it, but it is too late. Mind you, the one they sent me could have been just a fluke, but for me, it ended up being a waste of money."
"This hair dryer arrived today and I used it to dry my hair.  It took forever to get my hair almost dry by which time I gave up on it.  My last hair dryer dried my hair in 5 min, this one took 20 and wasn't totally dry.  The switches for the heat and speed are right where you put your fingers and very sensitive, so it was difficult to keep from switching temps or speeds.  After my hair was done, it was flat and limp and definitely not shiny.  No volume at all.  Don't waste your money."
"This dryer made my hair frizzy and rough feeling, not what anyone wants from their blow dryer.  It also felt cheap and was loud, like those terrible blow dryers in hotel rooms.  This was a dud and returned."
"I read all of the reviews and decided to go ahead and buy this hairdryer in July 2013. It is a good, quiet hairdryer that I enjoyed for 16 months. However, just like the other reviews suggested, there is, indeed, a problem with this product as it has started to &#34;spit&#34; sparks as I'm drying my hair which is clearly dangerous. Although 16 months have passed I find it hard to believe the manufacturer wants a dangerous product out in the marketplace. According to the return policy, I am not able to get a refund or a new product so BUYER BEWARE! This product can be dangerous and their policy doesn't seem to address this situation. Amazon, please consider what you might do to help this situation given the product is spitting sparks within inches of your customers' faces. Perhaps you should discontinue selling it..."
I only had the blow dryer for less than 3 months and the heating element went.
I like this hair dryer. Had another one exactly the same befor and lasted a few years. I never minded that it was a little hard to slide on and off.<br />The retractable feature broke immediately. What a shame.
"It's more or less sufficient for my thin hair and semi-bald head, but the hottest setting is no more than warm-ish.  Other than that, works well."
"Switches are hard to push up and down , hard to operate with one hand. Switches get stuck and need both hands to operate. Not user friendly."
"Pros:<br /><br />Good amount of drying power considering how small it is<br />Perfect size for travel<br />Dual voltage works great--no explosions when I brought this dryer to Europe!<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />Plastic piece that changes the voltage has fallen out twice! :-(<br />When using in Europe, the wind is very powerful....but that's good for me because my thick hair dries faster.<br /><br />Bottom line: I do like everything about the dryer except for that darn plastic piece that falls out. If that we're not an issue, this would get 5 stars."
"I appreciated the low noise level and range of heat/speed settings.  Unfortunately, the product lasted less than a month with daily use by one person."
"This Hair Dryer popped up when I searched for dual voltages hair dryer. I was disappointed to find out it was not after receiving the product. I decided to keep it because at least it is fold-able. However when I took it to my Eastern Europe tour, it burned out on the first day & even blew the fuse of my hotel room. Hotel electrician had to come to re-set my room's fuse at 11 PM. Luckily my voltage transformer did not burn out so I had no problem keep on charging my cell phone & my tablet for the rest of the tour; otherwise my trip would be totally ruined."
"Dryer itself works fine, but The on off and temperature switches are poorly designed and hard to use.  If my hands are wet or have hair products on them I can't adjust them at all."
"having owned a couple of the predecessors of this dryer, which were always quite satisfactory, I find this newly designed mounting system to be a poor excuse for a mounting bracket.  The screws meant to hold the dryer to the bracket are totally inadequate..too small to withstand the torsion of removing and replacing the dryer on the bracket.  I can't imagine how much was saved by changing to this style, but it certainly leaves a bad taste for the overall quality of the dryer."
"As another reviewer pointed out, this dryer does not sit flush with the wall.  You can see the metal mounting plate behind the unit.  There is at least a 1/4 inch gap between the wall and dryer.  If seems to work fine otherwise.<br /><br />If you're worried about the finished look of the product, do not buy this."
I gave this to my sister as a birthday gift along with the hair straighter this worked great for  her until it just stoped working out of nowhere we tried everything from the reset but to calling costumer service nothing helped horrible product
"Bulky and heavy, the cord doesn't fully retract into the unit.  The power switch broke on the third use so I couldn't shut it off and had  to unplug while running.  Returned."
"When it was fairly new the hair dryer switch refused to go the the high position.  Unfortunately, since I purchased it as a Christmas gift for a family member long before Christmas, I was not able to return it to Amazon so I had to pay almost the cost of the hair dryer in shipping fees to return it to the manufacturer.  I just received the warranty replacement unit.  The hair dryer performs great, but the switch failure was annoying."
"We had this hair dryer for two years.  It was for my boys to use, so all they  needed was a simple dryer.  They usually wound up using my nicer hair dryer as they just didn't like this one.  After two years of limited use, it just started smoking one day and we had to throw it away."
Revlon has usually been a tried and true product for me. But this particular hair dryer is not good. I will return it and go into a store to test them out. This dryer has a very tin sounding motor and the air coming out of the machine is minimal. Very disappointing.
I ordered this blow dryer pictured and the one I received was a blue and black one. There was nothing on the page when I ordered that said they could come in different colors so I was very disappointed. The blow dryer itself is fine I just don't think they should send a different color than pictured.
It's a lot of work. I hate blow drying my hair as I have very long and curly hair. This blow dryer does not make it any better or faster of a process.
"I bought this for my wife, who has long, brunette curly hair.  She blow dries her hair every morning with a diffuser.  I bought this to replace her current Conair dryer from Target which is on its way out.  Unfortunately, the diffuser with this blow dryer is very small (just under 4 inches in diameter).  She dried her hair once with the unit and said it had to go back due to the small diffuser and that it took too long to dry her hair.<br /><br />As for the positive, she said it was quieter than the Conair unit it was supposed to replace."
Always like Conair brand but this one is very annoying because it powers itself down to the lower speed for a few seconds every minute or so as you are using it.  It does this for about 15 seconds and then goes back to high.  This may be a defect because as I said I have never had a Conair that did this but wow it is sure frustrating.
had difficulty with switches due to reduced mobility of my hands. no problem with any other features
"The heat did not last for long, just cold air blows.  The dryer is stylish and the attachment does not fall off.  It is sad the heat stopped within a week."
"I've had this dryer for a little less than a year and a half and it just burnt out and stopped working a week ago.  I was drying my hair and heard the dryer suddenly get quieter. Then I smelled burning... And it just died. I'm a little disappointed with this as I had an older model that thankfully, I kept as a spare for travel. The older model of this dryer is still working 10 years later, sans a missing temp button that fell off just before I purchased this newer one."
"I dont recommend you to buy these tester ones. Every tester I bought doesnt stay on me long, maybe half an hour, then I dont even feel the fragrance. Dont waste your money on TESTERs..."
The diffuser is very small and the hair blows all over . The dryer itself works fine I am a hairdresser and usually don't see a travel size diffuser except for the socks which I do not like so I was disappointed when this did not work well at all too much airflow through the diffuser.
"Was advertised as red and came as salmon pink. Lasted roughly 2 years before the heating element went out. Also, fairly weak fan."
"This hair dryer/styler is heavy and oxy to hold on to.  Buttons are in a position so that you turn it off when drying hair. Makes hair very dull, big and fly-away. Definitely will not recommend!!"
"A couple of months after I purchased this hair dryer, the ceramic started peeling all over the dryer - especially around the handle and the nozzle. Not only is it nasty looking, but the material flakes all over the place, including in my hair while I'm drying it. The dryer still works fine, but I would never recommend it."
"THIS DRYER JUST STOPPED WORKING ONE DAY.  I GUESS I WILL NEVER KNOW WHY, NOT WORTH IT AT ALL URGH"
"Purchased product 9/7/2012.  By 4/6/2013, the product does not work.  The dryer is not overused - 2 times per week, maximum.  I call Helen of Troy products to make a complaint.  I have to pay the cost of shipping the product back to them and wait a minimum of two weeks for them to return a replacement to me."
"I loved the idea of a retractable cord, but that's about the only good thing about this dryer.  It is big and heavy, but the worst part is that it vibrates like crazy - very uncomfortable!"
"I was disappointed with this hair dryer.  I needed a quiet hair dryer so I wouldn't wake my family when I get ready early in the morning.  While advertised as being quiet, it is no different than the regular hair dryers we have.  Very disappointing."
"I had a bed head dryer which i used for six + years.  I wore out the plug on it and replaced the 3 years ago.  One day, the replaced plug arc'd electricity and ruined the dryer.  :(  Because the bed head dryer I purchased was so great, I found this one with similar features as the previous one and purchased.  I used this one for six months and it was awful.  The dryer would over heat the exterior of my hair and not get the hair closer to my head dry.  Tried all different combination settings and it caused horrible frizziness and breakage in my hair - no matter the setting used.<br /><br />In January, I purchased a Hot Tools blow dryer and immediately frizziness went away.<br /><br />Do not purchase this dryer because it causes hair damage quickly.  My hair is extremely thick and curly with highlights and length is midway down my back.."
"I have had this shaver going on two years.  The first one completely broke down after a year and Panasonic sent me a replacement - it was refurbished!  I have had that one about 8 months and it is terrible: the place where it shows minutes and other data is so scrambled that it is impossible to read - the shave is rough and no longer close. I just believe this shaver is meant to last no longer than a year and then it goes bad. By the way, this is an authentic review - I live in California and have been a member here for years."
Lasted less than 8 months
Not powerful enough and not a good value for the mney.
I hardly post any reviews but this product forced me to place one. The packaging was not in order. The attachments of the dryer were left opened in the box. It seems to me that the product is used before as there were signs of use. I never expect open box shipments from Amazon but this is an exception. The product is in working condition so I don't want to enter into the hassles of returns. I will keep the product but not satisfied with the Shipping and handling.
"Installation was difficult.  A small plastic piece cracked during installation, which caused us to have to install a different way.  I wish the hair dryer carrier was smaller."
"I bought it for my wife - but she tells me that it is no good. The heat is not strong enough and when used for longer than 2 mins it will just turn off, until it cools off."
"I received this product hoping to cut my drying time, but that wasn't the case. I'm not sure if the product I received is defective but I have thin hair and it didn't help my dry time. It also makes my hair lay really flat and somewhate oily, making my hair look dirty and thin. I'm not a fan of this dryer but it may be better for people with thick hair."
Tooooooo small than that I expected. Can grab in one hand. Really small
"Should've returned this. Not hot enough..at all, buttons are in weird place. As you're drying your hair, you inevitably hit the off button, or another speed. Super annoying."
Bonnet too tight!
My hairdryer fried out when I was on vacation after a few months.  I replaced it with a 30$ revlon hairdryer that has lasted four years. I wouldn't waste my money on this!
"Exceeded my expectations while it worked.  I read the reviews about the hair dryer suddenly dying, but gambled that it wouldn't happen to me.  Wrong.  Turned it on this morning and nothing happened.  Completely dead.  I will contact Remington but don't expect the problem will be remedied.<br /><br />Oh well, the search continues."
"I got the status of being an unhappy customer becasue of this product.  It didn't look NEW and it was packaged poorly.  However, I didn't want to waste the time to return it.  If this is the first time that I have heard from you, then so be it  I bought this in the summertime.  YES I an unhappy about this product and I still do care for it......."
Not suitable for home use.  Too heavy and switches are small.  Though it is durable.
Bonnet is too small
I received this hair dryer on 5/12/2014 and it is already broken!  It didn't even last 2 months!?!?!  I'm hoping I just got a lemon.
The cap is very small and tight. I had to take it off after 10 mins.
"The dryer is the worst one I ever had it started falling apart on the first day of using it, don't loose your money on junk."
It doesn't blow as hard as I wanted it to. But will do.
Too hard to handle
"this dryer is: clumsy, clumsy attachements, I don't like the gold paint, it's hard to hold, I never use it."
No better than less expensive hair dryers I have owned.  Died after about 6 months.
"This dryer worked well when I got it, but it didn't last. I was very disappointed with it, especially for this price."
STOPPED WORKING AFTER ONLY 7 MONTHS :(
not very impressed.
"Didnt last long maybe a month. Made a weird noise. And knocked the electric out, guess i brought a bad one!!!"
"I do not recommend the purchase of this product. It does dry your hair,however, the attachment does not lock in place and makes it very frustrating and awkward to use."
Broken after 1 year
I have had this hairdryer for about two years and I have to replace it.  At about the one and half year mark it started emanating a horrible smell.  I take care of my things--there is nothing I can see that found its way inside that would be causing this smell.  Even prior to this issue I was never impressed with this product.  It never had a lot of power.  Wouldn't recommend it.
not recommend this one. it was broken when arrive. This one dries my hair in a really really slow way!!
"We had the dryer for a very short time when the switch would no longer work. It is almost impossible to take apart to repair because of the odd screws, holding it together. We are totally disappointed and just now ordered another brand through Amazon. Hopefully, this one will not be disappointing."
No warm setting! Can't use!
"I bought it to use in Italy. It worked for a day, then the motor burned out. I don't think the adapter is up to the job, the description is wrong."
This hair dryer is mediocre. The attachments fall off and the high/low is difficult to use while drying my hair. I gave it away.
The socket blow up and got alot of sparkles make me so scary throw it away and didnt use it again ever
it is almost impossible to assemble but the dryer itself works well.
The adapter with the spikes was horrible.  It was very hard and hurt my head. I am returning it.
Bad smell come out.
it has something wrong!! Graduated from spark fire
Disappointed - thought it would work on my hair...but made my curly hair straight...with the diffuser!
Terrible power!!!
the switch to turn on and off is terrible
It was great while it lasted - 5 months! Just stopped working.
Good while it lasted.  I used it (at best) 5 times before it just stopped working.
Worked great until it broke 8.5 months in.
Still can't get a handle on this product............can't seem to get it to hold standing position on a counter top...............holds great on a mirror.
Not the best dryer for fine hair.  Will return it.
"Hair dryer was fair, attachment falls off when drying."
This died about a year after I got it. I wish it lasted longer. It was good while it lasted.
Too Loud!!!!!!! Like an airplane taking off!
This would be a great product if the bonnet attached to the hose more securely.
I liked the price of this hairdryer. It was great during the first 2 weeks but then It blew off and stopped.
just okay.
It is ok
"I had this dryer for a about four months until the motor/fan began to spark and I decided it was no longer safe to use. Prior to this however, it worked wonderfully. Shame it broke."
"The bonnet tore after three uses so that air flow was impeded.  After the tear, the air would not flow to the top of the bonnet.  I could not find a replacement bonnet when I searched online."
Night light quit working after a week. The dryer itself works fine snd is handy being located on a wall and not in a drawer.
"This is light weight and has a lot of bells and whistles.  However, for smoothing hair, I thing the Babylis Pro BABTT5585 Tourmaline Titanium 3000 Dryer reg and travel, are much better."
blow holes are only at the top would be great if they were at the sides
broke very quickly
"Excellent product for such a great price. Hearts well, folds even better! Impressed.   UPDATE...   After using it maybe once a month (4-5 times since purchase) the retractable cord no longer works. Very surprised because it seemed like a pretty good product. Still works decently well but that sucks!"
"I bought this 5 months ago, and it croaked. Just like that,it starting to smell burned (w/o smoke) and then it stopped. It wasn't the socket, it was the dryer.  Too bad--it was a good price and it when it worked, it worked well. The best part about it was the retractable cord....next!  Go for a brand name like Conair or Sasson.  Their dryers last."
This dryer was really heavy.<br />It hurts my arm when I drying my long hair.<br />So I am using with dryer stand.<br />The strength is good and sometimes it sparks.<br />Cheap and cute. That's it!!
I love being able to have a salon quality style from home.  This little hair dryer works a treat to bring out the best curl.  BUT the hose has ripped and torn in three places so far.  I have had to duct tape the hose together.  I would recommend discovering if another product has a better quality hose before purchasing.
"Worked great for about 6 months, then simply would no longer turn on."
"Just received, neither of the accessories would fit on the dryer. I would not recommend this to anyone."
I gave it a 2 just because it didn't fit in my blower.
"This design with the hook to hang the cord on is great, but the dryer itself only has two modes: &#34;Off&#34; and &#34;Burn your scalp off Hot.&#34;"
None available.
"We got this one on sale for $11 and it worked just fine from March till December, then it quit, no heat and no fan.<br />It was good when worked but due to short life span - 2 stars at best."
"Pros: Many attachments, price is good, attractive, dries quickly, no damage.    Cons: So heavy to use and that factor alone is enough to cancel out any of the pros.  The weight is also unbalanced, so when you grip the handle in the place that best balances it out, you wind up hitting buttons.  The attachments fly off and hit you in the head midstream (especially the diffuser).  Not recommended.  You can do better."
This was great when it worked. I have a small bathroom and it was the perfect solution until it stopped working shortly after purchase. I should have returned it. I do not recommend this unit.
Not the best hair drier I've used it gets hot as you cornuie to use it but I wouldn't have purchased it if I was to look for a professional hair drier that can bring up the heat because this doesn't really do that.
"bought as Xmas gift for wife, matched the 1600 kw of our previous Andis blow dryer.  But it lacked the blowing power alot. The light was also very bright on the wall mount, had we kept it I was going to remove the light. Did not meet our expectations, so i returned the item to Amazon."
"I have gone through too many of these dryers. It is my favorite in terms of how great it blows hair straight. But they break too easily and for that price, I had to go with something that i don't like as much but that lasts. Mine burnt out within 2 months and I could not return it by the time I got back into the country from my travels."
It looks like it wasn't original
"I purchased this based on a write up in Prevention Magazine.  Yes, a great dryer with lots of shine BUT the locations of the control button stink!  I spend more time reselecting the temperature/speed/on & off, as no matter how you hold this dryer, you are pressing a switch.  I would recommend this to NO ONE!  It's just poorly designed!"
"hair dryer worked good for about 1 year. Then the switch broke, fused in the open position.I would not buy an Andis product again."
"This blow dryer was amazing- for about 5 months. Then it died. I'm a stylist so it was very lightweight, which is important, and it got through the toughest hair. Until the day it died. I have gone back to using my twin turbo- which is heavier, but the lifespan is way better."
"It certainly works okay, but !<br /><br />It's very big, it's quite heavy and you'll need to have a good memory to remember all of the functions.<br />I would say this one has been &#34;Over Engineered&#34; in the extreme and I'm sure as I will, many will go back to their lighter and simpler to use unit.<br />A speed, cool and perhaps two or three heat settings are I'm sure is what most of us need and want and I feel this baby has just got too many functions to be practical.<br />Luckily, I purchased this on a very special Amazon Deal, but truthfully I will just keep this one as a spare."
"So, we bought this dryer as a replacement for my wife's old, loud unit.<br /><br />Unboxed it, and it felt nice and solidly built. And it was about mid-range, volume wise. Also a good selection of heat and fan-speed adjustments. But, the first morning of use, it ran for about 3-4 minutes, then the breaker-plug began to buzz loudly, and emit smoke.<br /><br />All use was discontinued, and was returned for a refund.<br /><br />I award it 2 stars for it being a potentially good unit, but subtract 3 for failing. This seems like a fluke, as most of the reviews are positive, but I'm going to be searching for a different dryer anyway."
"The styling of blow-dryer is great; the functions are not! The cool down button feature was pressed once for use, but got stuck inside of unit wobbling around, but would not release back so the warm mode. The 240 V option only worked on the low feature. Also, I found the brush attachment flimsy, not firm and would eventually wear out quickly. SUB-STAND FEATURES ruined a great looking unit! Quality would be the remedy! This could have been a winner...sad;("
"dryer itself works good, however i am already wrapping duct tape around the twist mechanism that allows the stand to go up and down....its cracked, first day of use, I should send it back but I need the dryer now"
"This hairdryer worked as advertised for about 10 months.   After that point, the fan stopped working and it got really hot and overheated in about a second.  We'll see how good the customer service is."
"Bought this in 2013.  Loved it, worked great.  All of a sudden stopped working.  Contacted seller and they said because it was 2 years ago, they wouldn't replace it.  Not sure I would spend the money again, considering it broke after 2 years."
This simply felt like a lighter petroleum jelly and was in a tube. Been using it for a week and notice no difference. Easily wears off in five minutes. CLinique's lip scrub made my lips feel better.
"The hand controls seem very flimsy and there are only two heat setting and when I set it at hot, it give me warm air at most.  I'd return it but I aready threw the box away."
"This is the noisiest hairdryer I have ever used. Apart from waking anyone who might have been sleeping, it was headache inducing. It operates well and looks good but the noise factor was unbearable. I am not a whinger and am pretty easy to please but this was not worth keeping and was returned."
I've had this hairdryer for less than a year and its button functions  are not working anymore even though the hairdryer itself is in perfect condition.<br />It is a shame that Conair uses such cheap materials for their products.
This dryer does not blow strong.  We need to use the concentrator attachment for it to work at all well.  The diffuser is a joke - you might as well blow on your own hair.  I bought this to replace my 20 year old misty tone 1500 - it is really not any better at all.
"I bought this blow dryer about 14 months ago and it worked great when I got it but now it's not blowing strong, it's feels like it's on a low setting instead of high. I'm looking for a new blow dryer because I know this one is about to die."
"I like the way it folds up, but the cord rarely retracts all the way without spending 5 minutes pulling it out and pressing the retract button and pushing it back into the handle. The blower itself works fine, but I bought it for the retractable cord, which is more a pain than a gain."
Not as powerful on lower power
Purchased this model because it had all the features I was looking for. After about 5 weeks it will not heat up only blows barely warm air.
Looks great and presented excellent...  But- This Item must be turned off completely after each use near where  the unit was installed at the rear of the toliet near the floor!!   You and or your guests have to remember this.(Stated in the directions)   In Asia where these are very popular you do not have to turn the unit off after each use.  Mine leaks a little either in the open postion or closed postion while hanging on the wall!!!   I would say to look for a better unit before buying this one- I was very dissappointed in the quality.
"It was nice while the retractable cord worked, but that stopped working after 2 months. Now I have to stand right next to the outlet because the cord won't pull out."
"For home use, this dryer is okay. it works fine. I like the retractable cord. It's bulky and would take up way too much room in a suitcase. The diffuser barely fits in my bathroom drawer with this dryer. I'm either returning it donating it to a homeless shelter."
"Whom ever designed this hair dryer had to be stoned! They put the power switch buy your pinky finger so your constantly turning the dryer off every time you grip the handle. The &#34;High&#34; heat is ok, could be better. But as the old saying goes...&#34;You get what you pay for!!&#34; So true."
It broke on me on the second use...Looks and feels cheap.  I rather pay more for a higher quality product.
This product was recommended to me by a friend who always has good hair. I bought it and I am dissappointed with as its so slow. I thought since I was paying so much it would be quicker & better. I don't personally like it that much. You need to have a lot of time and patience - and for that you can probably get good hair with any priced dryer.
"These flower-shaped toe separators are super cute and they work fine to separate your toes to polish but when you take them off, the flowers easily rip off making them good for one use.  I'll have to sacrifice esthetics and go with the plain old separators next time."
"Description stated this product was powerful and had the cool shot option. It does not have a cool shot option, and is far from powerful."
"The picture shows an 8 oz bottle and 5 oz toothpaste. At that size it'd be a good deal. What you actually receive is a 3.4 oz bottle and a teeny-tiny bottle of toothpaste. (lost it on vacation, so can't post actual size.) The actual product is good, but don't buy this version of it."
This dryer is powerful enough it just produces luke warm air.  It was very convenient to install as clippped right on to the existing sunbeam plate bracket.
Its an OK dryer.....however it lasted EXACTLY 1 YEAR!!  My hair dryer which I use sporadically (since I go to the hair dresser very often) stopped working last week.<br /><br />Terrible.
"Doesn't get hot enough to style my hair.  It dries it, and leaves it frizz free, but it just doesn't get hot enough to shorten my drying time or omit the need for straightening iron.  It is nicely designed and really light weight, but it just didn't do the job.  I'm returning mine."
This one replaced one exactly like it which the handle would no longer lock in place.  The new one has an issue that you have to fight the cord to get it to retract.  The dryer part of both work fine.  The bells and whistles neither chime or whistle.
"I was hoping that this Revlon drier was a great bargain, and that its price of $12 wasn't an indication of a cheap or shoddy product.  When it arrived, I was chagrined.  It was a very light, very cheap feeling product, which also only had two possible heat settings.  All in all, a very unimpressive hair dryer; I guess sometimes you do get what you paid for."
Not happy at the quality of hair dryer for the price I paid 28. Better version at Costco for 20. I had a previous conair hair dryer that lasted 10 yrs and was very happy with it. This one had cheap plastic on/off button and just low/high speed blower.
"I've been using this dryer for about 3 weeks now and the airflow on the lowest settings is too strong.  Even with the diffuser on, my hair frizzes every time.  It doesn't dry my hair as fast as I expected it to either.  I also don't really like that the controls are on the back of the handle.  I end up changing the settings without knowing it.  I was using a T3 tourmaline dryer and loved it, but I thought I'd try something different this time.  I'll be going back to the T3 because it's better in every way.  I'm giving the FHI to my niece who straightens her hair.  I'm sure it would be great for her."
"The pros:<br />It will work for travel. Small enough to fit in your hand<br />It has a switch you can turn with your fingernail or a screwdriver 125 to 250V<br />Cost<br /><br />The cons:<br />It's made of cheap plastic. The folding handle feels like it's going to break when I fold it.<br />It's REALLY noisy. The pitch will hurt your ears!<br />It didn't even remotely blow hot air. Essentially, you're blow drying on a lukewarm/cool setting<br /><br />Follow up: I ended up buying a<br />Conair YOU Reel 2-in-1 Folding Handle Hair Dryer which I LOVE. It worked perfectly in the UK with a 10 amp converter and my hair looked so much better than when it did using this blow dryer."
"Unlike another Conair I bought from Amazon years ago, this one has a cheap plastic smell that makes you worried that you might be touching something toxic. To add insult to injury, the purple plastic of the iron is not the slick metallic looking plastic from the packaging, but rather a gaudy-looking pageant queen light purple."
I would return this but it's been too long. I almost immediately went back to my old dryer after a couple of times. I have since found another dryer on Amazon that I just received and it's doing a wonderful job.
"I'm only giving this dryer 2 stars because when it works, it is the best dryer.  I like it because it generates good heat without the blow part being a hurricane, which allows for good control for drying and styling and I get compliments on my hair and how shiny it is.  The huge disappointment in this dryer is that this is my second one, and in a year it broke the one before that same deal, lasted just under 2 years.  A $150 dryer should last longer than that.  I cleaned the filter as recommended, if it requires more than what i was doing then i guess the dryer is just too high maintenance for me.  I just contacted the vendor i bought it through and i'm hoping the manufacturer is going to replace it, otherwise i'm done using these dryers."
"I bought it because of the low price and beautiful color, but tne item's color is so different from the picture. The most feature that diappointed me is my hair always roll into the back of it and the dryer broke my hair a lot, I strongly recommended people do not buy this product. I just don't want bother to return it, this is the only reason I keep it."
"I really liked the ionic technology.  It dries hair a lot faster.  However, after a year of owning this, it broke. I had to buy another dryer from Amazon, and I chose a different one--the Conair 213x Infiniti Professional Tourmaline dryer.  I noticed that the sound on the Conair (when on high setting) was a lot quieter than the Andis.  I get the impression that the motor on the Conair is of a higher quality than that of the Andis."
I was excited about getting this dryer after reading the reviews.  Ive been a hairdresser for 12 years so unfortunally i have carpal tunnel.  This blowdryer is heavier than it says and it is very loud.  At home use would be ok but in salon use....not so much.  I actually returned this dryer to amazon.
"Pretty design, however I didn't notice any difference in lack of frizz or shine that is associated with Ionic dryers."
Product just decided to stop working after a few years. Never dropped it and kept it in good condition. I'm guessing maybe the thing overheated?
"I wish I hadn't thrown away the packaging for this, because I would be returning it. I've never had a hair dryer that didn't get hot. This is a first."
Even though it is the same wattage it does not seem to have any power.  I am sure that it is every dryer
It worked Ok in the first 5 uses and the it just fell apart till it died. When working heat in the bonnet was not equally distributed.
"Worked great.  Love the retractable cord.  Then one day, just 10 months after buying it, it just wouldn't turn on.  I had to throw it in the trash.  My last hair dryer lasted years and years.  This sucks."
bought it. didn't use it. wanted a silver one. picture looks silver. returned it. will get exactly what i want instead.
I had the old Silver bird and it was so much better than the new one that is being sold now in some stores. The old one was really hot and straightened my hair so much better. This new one seems to even vibrate a bit when using and just feels cheap. It takes longer now to blowout my hair. You can tell if it's the old one because the word silverbird looks like the one shown.
"I have long curly hair 3b. I bought this dyer thinking it would work wonders on my hair. First, I think it does a great job and dries my hair very fast. However, I would prefer to have the teeth longer and better way to cup the hair so to speak. My hair gets caught in the back and ends up with tge burning hair smell. Secondly, I bought this dyer 6 weeks ago and it's already broken. Amazon is amazing and agreed to refund my money. I think this would work better for women with short curly hair more than anything."
"I don't know if my product is defective, I just got it in the mail.  But it is not what I would call a hair dryer.  It doesn't generate much of a wind and it doesn't get very warm.  I would not even consider this something worthy of packing to go on a trip.  I'm going to send it back and keep my nice hair dryer which is just a little bit bigger."
Did not meet expectations - returning for refund.  The motor is quiet but it takes a longer time to dry hair and then the hair is fly away  - not what I wanted at all.
Within nine months of purchase this hair dryer stopped working - overheats within minutes.  I don't even dry my hair but a few times a month so this is not the best purchase.
"This hair dryer is heavy. And pretty huge. Also, it's hard to hold it by the handle because the rocker switches for power and heat are in the way of your fingers, so you have to practice in order to not change the settings during use. When set on hot/high, the velocity of the air is very good, but it's not hot at all -- the air is barely warm -- which is fine for drying, but certainly not good for styling. It did minimize my static flyaway hair, but since I had to use my old &#34;hot&#34; dryer to style, I lost that benefit and had to add leave-in conditioner to de-electrify my hair. The price was good, hence the two stars, but I don't recommend. Probably better for short hair."
This hair dryer was loud and cheaply made. I returned it! The fan was rattling and very loud. I would not recommend.
"Splurge just a little and get the Babyliss Pro BAB2000.  The Conair felt cheap.  While the Babyliss feels much better in the hand.  The Babyliss will give a deeper heat as compared to the Conair, not necessarily hotter but a better and even distribution of heat.  I returned the Conair."
"Haven't used that often (because it's summer) but the few times that I did there was a burning smell coming from the dryer.  Would not recommend using for long period of time.  Better yet, find another hair dryer for better overall quality and purpose.  Good luck."
"I only blow dry my hair straight about once a week.  Although I liked the blowdryer, I've had blowdryers last years.  I went through 2 in 2 years.  So:  Not so good."
The hair dryer actually worked great for a few months but after using the cool button the other day it will not blow any warm air.
i bought this product about a year now and i have to say there are other blowers that work better than this one that are way cheaper for the price it has a high pressure of hair coming out and it is light but it does not silk the hair no matter how much you go over the same section of hair i would not buy agian. and yes i am a dominican hair stylish
"The bristles on the brush attachment are too soft to pull my hair strongly enough so that it straightens nicely. Also, the drier can't handle the highest strength heat setting."
so I like it for a hairdryer but I bought is as a QUIET hairdryer for grooming a skittish pup and it is not quiet.
Easy mounting but very little power. I recommend you get one that has 1800 or more watts.
I was replacing this unit with another Sunbeam wall mount that my wife had for nearly 10 years. When this arrived first the hi-low setting didn work. Also it isn hard wired so you have a cord dangling off the wall. That was my fault I didn realize it when I ordered it. So I returned it with no hassle and ordered the wall mount hard wire unit with three settings and no cord to tangle. A happy wife is a happy LIFE.
every time i switch setting or hit cool button the lights dim & that scares me.
"The external head of Hair dryer consistently comes out and does not stick in the place. the heat and cold are good, but overall it's not made from the best quality materials. I wont recommend it to any one"
"Blows hard and hot if needed. Had to disconnect night light, so bright, could be used as a street light. Also, loud enough to be used on a train, will wake everyone in the house with the door closed. Had a different brand for five years before, that was perfect, should have re-ordered the same."
"I purchased this dryer because I wanted a compact, easily portable dryer for travel & the idea of a retractable cord was appealing.  It is NOT compact.  In fact, it's quite large &  I returned it because the high heat level was not hot enough.  It isn't ergonomic & it's heavy.  I ended up buying the Babylisspro TT Tourmaline Titanium Travel Dryer &  I am thrilled with it.  I have shoulder-length fine hair."
I have always loved the andis hairdryer but paid thirty some dollars for this and it only lasted couple months the switch quit working and the dryer would get so hot would shut off before could get my hair dry
"aT FIRST THEY WERE VERY GOOD BUT NOW THEY DON'T  LAST VERY LONG BEFORE THEY BURN OUT. REPLACEMENTS ARE SENT BUT THE SAME THING HAPPENS, I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND AT THIS POINT."
"I purchased this as a Christmas present and how embarrassing was it when the person I purchased it for said, well, I loved it until I used it the third time and when I went to take off the concentrator the whole front of the blow dryer fell apart. I guess we'll see how highly rated this seller really is. He hasn't responded to my email still!"
So I purchased this hair dryer in March 2013 and I need a new one already.  While it worked it was good but then things went wrong as I dry my hair I see a spark like when you pull a plug out of the wall.  I don't know if it is because I use a metal brush but it snaps and then sparks not so great.
"I have tried several of the 100% pure lotions.  One common theme is that they all have a pretty strong scent.  This vanilla scent to me was completely overpowering.  Very, very strong - too much so though.<br /><br />As far as the lotion, it really is one of the few that is totally pure.  I love that.  But the lotion itself for me doesn't work as well as others.  It's fairly runny, and doesn't moisturize my skin very well.  I will not be purchasing this brand anymore because of that."
"I think the product is  fine, but I guess I didn't really think it out.  It is stationary, so if the dryer isn't moving, you are moving...your head all around...to hit the hot air.  plus, you can't mount it on the mirror because with the vanity there, its too far away.  you gotta put it on the wall right next to your head and move all around.  I guess I thought I could put on my face while blow drying, but that's not the case at all."
It said nothing about ions in description.. One of the questions said not ionic but the box says IONIC. i sent it back as it was not what I wanted for my fine hair..
Great dryer except that the retractable cord stops completely retracting.  I replaced the first one under warranty after about 9 months.  Within about another 9 months the second dryer's retractable cord would not retract completely.  I followed the directions as to how to retract the cord.  The warranty only covers 12 months from original purchase date so I am now out of luck as far as getting a new one.
its super loud and kind of heavy. I dont really know if i like it. Dont recommend
"Has a good volume of air on high for a compact unit, but the trade-off is it is a bit noisy too.  Not mention in the listing, but the blue button is a cool air button and works as would be expected.  Unlike the Revlon Rvdr5033 I had the cool button on this unit just turns the heat off and back on when released and does not change the fan.  It gets very hot on high and so did the Revlon.  Too hot it seems to me but it appears no one makes a 1500 watt model anymore.  I could find nothing but 1875 watt models even in compact.  Not pictured or mentioned but this one like all of them has the huge block on the cord end with a GFI and AC plug as part of that block.  Even though they tell you not to put two GFI's on the same circuit and there hasn't been a house built in almost 40 years without a GFI covering any outlet in every bathroom the requirement for this still persists.  I like that you can easily take the cover of the fan in the rear for cleaning.  Not many of the compact models seem to have that feature.  Overall a good unit.  Time will tell how durable and long lasting it is.  I can only hope it is as good in that area as the one it replaced.  Update 7/21/15: Well it is NOT very long lasting.  About 4 months in it suddenly started smoking and got very hot very fast did some nice sparking and arcing, then quit.  We will see if they honor the warranty."
"the first time I used it, I cut it on high and the motor popped."
"It's definitely cute and Barbie-like. It does have an option for 250v or 110v... problem is, when in Europe even tho' it was on the 250v setting, both speeds were the same: HIGH and both temperatures were the same: BOILING HOT. I couldn't put the diffuser close to my scalp as the air was just too hot. When I got back to the states I tried it on 110v and it had two speeds and two temps but still way too warm for a 'low' setting. I wasn't able to return it because I'd passed the deadline by the time I got back from my trip. I will probably donate this... it doesn't really work overseas unless you want to burn your scalp."
"Everything was great for about 6 month, the it stop working, why they keep selling a product that only last 6 months?, Better to take them from the market entirely and replace it with on that works longer even id it is more expensive.  One thing is certain, I will not buy a Remington drier ever!!"
"Worked fine when I first receive it. Last night, after normal home usage, it burned out and is only fit for the garbage."
Dryer does not put out the heat as compared to the dryer it is replacing.  Blows strong but not hot enough.  The $20 Conair at Costco puts out more heat than this product.
"I liked this hair dryer well enough until sparks started shooting out where the cord is attached! I only use this dryer 3x a week and it didn't even last 8 MONTHS! That's ridiculous. I loved the length of the cord and that it had attachments. I smelled burning and sparks started shooting from my dryer, I throw it on the floor and quickly unplugged it. When I picked it up, the entire unit was very hot to the touch and the cord had completely severed one of the wires. That was not like that before I started. Is it too much to ask for a safe hair dryer?"
Like it but not too much
The brush is much to soft...doesn't really serve a purpose.
"It made my hair very puffy...very, very, way too puffy"
"I got a pro-versa instead of jerdon,amazon says pro-versa makes jerdon,no speeds or heat settings,just on and off button,unfortunately its already  on wall,did not notice til after,heck of a time putting it up also, very difficult,will not buy again"
"this dryer did not blow with much power, I returned it."
I too bought this hair dryer in November 2013 wanting something that would last longer but it quit working two weeks ago. Love the hairdryer but I don't think it's worth the money if it doesn't last.
This hairdryer did not hold up well.  The attachments do not stay on very well and the plastic around the handle is peeling off.  I would not recommend.
I thought it would be smaller and more compact.  Much too big for travel.  I was better of with a simple blow dryer.
Extremely loud.  The concept of the side usage is fantastic and that is what I am searching for.  This product is just too loud.
"I bought this model for the retractable cord and folding handle.  After using it 2-3 times/week for the last 2 1/2 months, the cord has frayed in one place and it has stopped retracting.  On the plus side, it was an effective hair dryer, but there are several that work as well."
"My hair gets caught and yanked if I get the dryer to close to my head. Also, it weighs too much."
"I have had many other twin turbo dryers. I feel this one was not even close to the same as the drying power, and it is too small , and doesnt fit right in my hand.The heat is no where near as hot as it used to be. The only reason that I didnt return it was because of my own laziness. I will keep it as a second dryer, i will continue to search for something as good as the old twin turbo."
"Delivery was fast, within a week. The first time using it I noticed that on all 3 settings the air is just warm, doesn't get very hot, which I thought wasn't that big of a deal considering my hair is bleached and I shouldn't be putting a lot of heat on it anyway. The second time I used it the high setting just didn't work, I switched it from medium to high and it just turned off when on the high setting. I had already thrown out the packaging at this point so since it was only like $13 I didn't feel like it was really even worth it to try to return."
"In the beginning things were fine , I just started using it  2weeks ago even though I bought it months ago. With 2week(3 times a week) of use the thing has already died on me. This is not something, I would buy again. It didn't flat out die , it started declining in performance."
"Bought this hair dryer for our trip to Italy.  Perfect traveling size, but when using the 250 voltage setting - only the high speed worked.  It got way too hot on that setting to use comfortably.  I ended up not being able to use it because it burned my skin and blew my hair too hard to style it.  I started washing my hair at night and letting it air dry.  The low and high settings work fine in the states on the other voltage, but it was a waste to buy it specifically for the dual voltage piece and then not be able to use it anyway."
"Not even one month, it was borken already, and I don't really use it that often. At first I liked it, because It's light weight and fast dry you hair. But it didn't last long."
"It could have been better for the price. It keeps burning my hair occasionally, a problem I never had with the previous dryers. I dont like it for that reason but otherwise it is fine. I bought a different dryer for primary use now. This is just for emergency use."
"I splurged for a really nice blow dryer.  It was pretty quiet and did the job every other day - pretty normal usage.  But, this morning while using it, it just stopped.  I tried to unplug it from the surge protector and it had fused itself to it.  Not what I expected from an $80 hair dryer. I'm just glad it wasn't plugged into the wall.  Would NOT recommend."
"It was just what I wanted and worked great for a few months, then one of the fan blades broke off for no apparent reason just after the warranty expired. No way to fix it, so it went into the garbage!"
Can't tell you how much loved this dryer...for 2 weeks. The first one I bought burnt out on me in less than a week..shipped it back and gave it another try. I've not had my replacement one for 5 weeks and now the cool button is stuck. Sending this one back too..don't buy!!!!
This hairdryer does not get very hot. On high heat it blows warm/cool on the low blow setting. Even on the high heat and high blow setting it is only warm.  It takes longer to dry my hair with this than my 10 year old Panteen hair dryer. No reduction in frizz. I bought this on amazon but I saw this exact hairdryer at dollar general for $15.  It is ok. I wouldn't buy it again.
OK for the price.. nothing special. I wish I would have chose something else.. take too long to dry my hair
"I bought this in March and by July it stopped blowing hot air. It's such a shame because it was a really great hair dryer when it was working. I noticed other reviewers have said the same thing, which makes me think it's a flaw in the design."
"I was really excited about this product as i am a firm believer in the benefits of tea tree oil. The scent was mild and to my liking. However the effects wore off in a few hours- a much shorter time than my fragrance-free crystal deoderant which contains only natural mineral salts. While at work i could actually smell myself-to the point of embarrassment as i felt sure that others were also smelling me! This from some-one with a naturally mild body odor and body chemistry. I tried  it  at least 3 times,  hoping that I was mistaken but the same thing happened every time. Since it came in a packet of 4, I gave them to my husband. it seems to be working a bit better for him, but the effects are still for a fairly short duration. If you have a shower every 4-5 hours or so though, this product may be the perfect one to get."
"Cord is way too short.  I can't hold it over my head when standing in my usual spot.  Also, it's not hot enough.  The hottest setting is more warm than hot.  It is lighter and quieter than most, but I still regret buying it.  I did not tried the attachments.  They went into the trash along with the box."
"Easy to install, just not what i thought. You would need to mount it right that head level, but i didnt like how much less control i had. I'll stick to taping my dryer to my counter."
Great dryer when it worked.  I purchased this hair dryer in January 2014.  Only used it twice a week on the low heat setting up until now.  Yesterday while using the dryer on the low setting the motor speed suddenly became very low and the thermal switch inside kicked the heating element off.  This is the second Vidal Sassoon of this kind I've purchased.  The first one lasted six years.
"I have used this type of blow dryer my whole life and thought I would try this brand.  The brush is way to soft.  I was going to return it, but missed the 30 day return window, so now it is in the guest bath.  I purchased the infinity pro by conair, and it was exactly what I needed."
"This WAS a great hair dryer for a couple of months. I received the dryer in May and used it regularly for several months. In August I noticed that it just didn't feel hot any more. I pushed all the switches and button up and down, in and out several times to see if something was stuck but no luck, it just stopped blowing hot air.  I immediately contacted Andis via email and asked what I should do about the malfunctioning dryer but as of now, 3 weeks later, no response from Andis. Bummer!"
"A month after receiving this dryer there was a problem with the switch when operated in the high position.  To make it operate you physically have to hold the switch in the high position. Wife said, she would use it and deal with the problem instead of being without a  hair dryer.  Other wise it performs as a hair dryer."
"Nothing special here.  Just a very basic hair dryer.  I like the color and the cord, but not the drying power."
I liked this product but it didn't last very long.
Has a nice holding grip.. Makes alot of noise and pushes very little heat. Could be that I was just unlucky with this one.
"I liked this hair dryer while it worked. It was light and didn't tire my arm or wrist, it got hot enough to dry my hair, and it wasn't extremely loud like a lot of dryers are. However, after a month and a half of using it once every day for about 15 mins, it stopped blowing hot air. It still blew air and everything perfectly, it just stopped heating the air. So, I had to get rid of it because cold air does not work well to dry my long hair. I think it might have just been a lemon, because I know sometimes there's just going to be defective items in a group. Amazon customer service was quick to help me though, and I was able to get a refund."
"On high heat dryer blows hair so hard you cannot style the hair, it just frizzes. On medium heat the dryer doesn't get hot enough when styling. It takes forever to dry on medium. In my opinion this unit is best as a blow &#34;dryer&#34;, not a styler."
Kind of small
UPDATED Sept 2015:<br />This dryer died today after almost catching on fire.  I sniffed a burning smell and 2 seconds heavy sparks came out and it died. I only used it twice a month to dry my dogs for about 30 minutes each time. Always cleaned lint out of the air vent. Very pricy to last just 13 months with limited use. Does anyone make a quality product??<br /><br />his is a terrific dryer for the price here on Amazon.  It seems very well built and has a lot of power without being too loud. It has three heat settings and two power settings.  I love it.  Great for blow drying my two dogs on a cooler setting.
I loved it...while it worked.  It lasted about six months before it just ... died.  First it quit working on high and then it quit working all together.  I really like having a mounted hair dryer in my small space so I'll be looking for a new one. It simply won't be another one of these.
It is very noisy! I was looking for a quiet hair dryer. I would recommend to update a description. I have a old hair dryer that is much more quiet the Conair 225R Comfort Touch Tourmaline Ceramic 1875-Watt Hair Dryer
"design is ugly, cord to electic outlet is great lenght, heat settings are fine, setting for blowing are fine<br />the curly cord from the unit to handle is way to short - will not reach more than 2 1/2 feet<br />hard to reach mirror and dryer is handing on wall only 1 inch from the mirror"
"OK, beautiful color, stylish, not heavy seems long lasting probably a good dryer for the right person.  Unfortunately I will have to return it.  This dryer takes a very long time to dry the  hair, it is not hot or powerful enough this should be best for fine hair.  it is kind of uncomfortable to hold as well,  I feel sad since I have to return it but it is not right for me, Love the pink color but what can you do?"
Great product... Took me anywhere between 30-40 mins to blow dry my clients hair with my old blow drier.... With this new one its cut the time in half... It's has lots of power... Great deal... N it's super cute...   Update: 7-8?months later it only blows cold air. I wouldn't recommend this drier for the price they are selling it now. It's rubbish
"This pill box does not hold 50 pills.  Given that vitamins and supplements are of various sizes, this container will not hold more than 10 total."
"This item was no longer available in stores, so I ordered enough to last a year from Amazon seller ABC Wholesale because I liked the product so much. They packaged the items in sets of three in plastic shrinkwrap.  They substituted a different style (Volume Blast), which is in the exact same can except for the name.  I did not notice the substitution until I opened the last 2 shrink wraps.  All six were the substituted item, not the Max Volume item that I had ordered.  Now I'm stuck with 6 cans of hair spray that are a very different item and performance from what I had originally ordered."
Gets way too hot for something to be used by a child!!  We turned it on and visible red hot coils could be seen within seconds.  And the air was blistering hot.  I cannot see a younger child using this without adult supervision.  We returned it.
The dryer does not look very sturdy (inferior plastic) also when using dryer the cap became very soft and felt like it was melting.
"I liked this dryer at first, but within six months it stopped working.  It had a burning smell inside.  Dead.  I don't know about you, but I feel like a blow dryer should last longer than that.  And, who likes getting stuck without one??"
"Very underpowered dryer.  It has a nice power black finish which is totally spoiled by pink control buttons and end surround ring - it might appeal to teens or tweens, but aesthetically unpleasing to an adult.  I exchanged it the day i received it for a Conair Pro which is much better."
Loved this blow dryer... BUT one night it got too hot too fast and went out! I thought it had died! But it was just hot and had to cool down overnight. I was only half dry!
"Unfortunately, I cannot give this item an accurate review.  I did receive it timely.  The item worked perfectly at home, however, when I arrived in Ireland the first thing I did was to plug it in to see if it worked and I don't know what happened from that point.  It seemed to lock into high speed and I could not move it so it blew out instantly.  I had to throw it out right there and then.  You have to use it on low speed but, I could not turn it off or move it to low speed.  It started smoking and out it went.  I'm just grateful that nothing more serious happened."
WHEN USING HIGH SPEED SETTING. ORDERED &#62;&#62; Vidal Sassoon VS783 1875-Watt&#60;&#60; THAT HAS A LOT OF POWER ON HIGH SPEED SETTING.
"I have super long fine hair and this didn't do it for me. It actually made my hair feel sticky, for lack of a better word. It is much louder than any other dryer I've used and it didn't come with the concentrator as advertised... I'll be sending it back."
"I'm honestly not one to write reviews but do rely heavily on them and this item was rated very high by Amazon customers who purchased it.  I have to admit, I really, really liked it until it just simply stopped working.  It is lightweight and powerful and fairly quiet for a blow dryer.  I was real happy with it until it just recently stopped working...conveniently right outside the 1 year limited warranty.  I didn't misuse or drop it and I kept the filter clean so not sure what happened but I know my last blow dryer lasted for years.  It was working when I gave it away when I got this one.  So, not so thrilled but maybe it was a fluke.  Who knows."
I have owned a hot tools hair dryer -  model 30001 -  but could no longer use it because the bonnet attachment to the hose broke.  I was very happy with this hair dryer and therefore expected the same results from a newer hot tools hair dryer.<br />However -  the thermostat setting is too too hot..  I cannot use it at all on high  setting and barely on the middle setting -  I have  managed to &#34;get the job done&#34; by starting on the middle setting as long as I can stand it and then switching to the cool setting  and then manually pulling  the bonnet to a peak over my curlers.  My Model 30001 had five heat settings.<br /><br />In addition to this the new dryer is very nosy - almost has a whistle to it.  The bonnet is heavier and not as flexible.<br />In short - I am not happy with the new dryer - do you have another model with more heat settings?<br /><br />A problem with both models -  the hose easily becomes detached from the bonnet while in the process of drying.
"I have fine straight hair that takes hardly anything to dry, but this dryer isn't even up to the task.  It blows air on your hair and I'm sure speed along the drying process, but I wasn't able to use it for styling as it had neither enough heat nor enough power.  The one time I tried I got my hair tangled in the fan despite the screen guard and burned out the motor."
Way too loud and large for travel. Returned it as soon as it arrived.
"worked ok for a little while, then the power and heat went out."
"I would not buy this hair dryer again.  I have had it for exactly 1 year and it performed ok until today. It is 5 days past the warranty period and it just broke. Sparks started coming out of the back of the unit and my entire bathroom smelled like it was on fire.<br />I do not wash my hair daily. This product was used 2-3 times a week. I also regularly cleaned the back filter of any dust or debris, so I am pretty disappointed I only got 12 months out of it!<br /><br />Even before it stopped working I was not all that impressed with it. It dried my shoulder length fine hair in marginally shorter time than a regular dryer and I did not really notice a difference in added shine.<br /><br />I will be placing an order for this cheap Revlon RV544PKF 1875W Tourmaline Ionic Ceramic Dryer, which I purchased to replace my MIL's ancient one last year. This Revlon hair dryer I AM really impressed with. Super light weight and dries hair in record time."
"cord is to stiff, hard but it is fine for the price . The dryer works good."
"Ive had this for over 6 months, and the cable retraction is not working as well because the cable is all twisted within the cable (if that makes sense). Still retracts, but nowhere as good as when it was first purchased."
"My work's locker room has the full sized dryer and I really liked it so I bought the travel version to take on a work trip.  I received one where the straightening cone (aka concentrator) spun around on the dryer, making it impossible to blow out your hair.  I returned it and got another one with the same issue.  Apparently, this is just a defect in the travel dryer.  It is a nice size for travel but I would give up the extra space in my bag for a dryer that worked for what I wanted.  If you only want to use the diffuser it would be fine for you."
"Very light weight and quiet, but controls are on the handle and are sharp... have to hold it at the very bottom of the handle so not to switch the settings, and smells like burning plastic..."
"I was expecting more power.  In all fairness, my regular home-use hairdryers are larger, very powerful and much more expensive models.  I wanted something lighter and dual voltage.  This did not work for me and I returned it immediately for a refund."
"I expected more from this hair dryer after reading the reviews.  It wasn't as powerful as I like and the opening for the air coming out seems to be larger than my last dryer, so it just goes all over the place instead of being more focused.  The thing I'm most unhappy with is the cord.  I always buy dryers that have the retractable cord because I can't stand having to deal with the cord getting wrapped around everything in my drawer.  Every other dryer that I've had the cord goes all the way into the dryer just leaving the plug hanging out.  This dryer has about a foot or more of cord still hanging.  It is just a pain deal with the dangling cord while putting it in and out of the drawer every day.  I'm still deciding if I should return it or not."
"UPDATE: I know this dryer was only $20 but it died after ~1.5 years. This is the first dryer to ever stop working for me, which isn't the best morning surprise. The rest of my review stands. the concentrator never fell off.<br /><br />I bought this hair dryer because the concentrator(?) on my old hair dryer always fell off. One day it started taking my hair with it. I bought the Conair Turbo Styler because the concentrator looked like it would never fall off. I've had this for a few months now, and it definitely stays put.<br /><br />The heat is on the lower end, I have fine hair so that works for me. I wouldn't advise this dryer for somebody with very thick hair."
"Other than the retracting cord - which is cool - this is a pretty basic dryer. But I returned it because the retracting mechanism feels and sounds like it won't last long, and it just looks a little too cheap. I'm happy with the replacement - the Babylisspro TT for only a little more $ - looks nicer, feels nicer, works nicer, and is lighter."
The product design is lacking.  Controls on handle but not set-in so very easy to turn off while styling your hair.  Clumsy design.  May want to spend a little more for a quality product.  Not to be deceived by the picture.
My old Conair was great. This one is weak and the attachments fall off mid-use.  Will be replacing soon! Don't recommend.
VERY LOUD!  I bought this to give to my wife to replace her old hair dryer.  This one is so noisy it sounds like she is drying her hair with a jet engine!
"The bad reviews of this product were pretty accurate but I didn't want to spend a lot on a new hair dryer.  The attachments don't stay on, and the sliding controls for power and heat are so difficult to move I have to use a towel to get enough traction to turn my hair dryer on.  The 'high' temperature is extremely hot, which dries my hair very quickly, but I'm not convinced it helps my hair look healthy, as my ends have started to look like straw since I started using this hair dryer. I wish I had invested in a better hair dryer!"
"No side vents, so the top of your head is dry first and becomes unbearably hot, while the sides and back are still wet.  On high, it's very loud."
"Not crazy about the diffuser, which is what I bought it for.  I have wavy hair and this doesn't really work for my hair - it leaves it looking limp and seems like it takes longer to dry my hair than my old hair dryer.  It is lightweight.  Maybe it works better for straightening?"
I should have paid attention to the negative reviews.<br />The bonnet is adequate in size but the drawstring on the bonnet is so short that you can't expand the bonnet to a reasonable size to fit over curlers.  The bonnet connection to the hose doesn't fit securely so it is a juggling act to get the too tight bonnet on without disconnecting from the hose.<br />I will have to go shopping and find a dryer comparable to the Hot Tools unit that I have had for several yrs.  The bonnet finally tore but I have had 8 yrs of good use and the dryer unit is still going strong.  Too bad we can't just buy the replacement bonnets.
I liked the hair dryer but after less than 2 years the heat stopped working. The retractable cord didn't really work so well after the first few months. You had to push it in.
"This hair dryer works just fine but it was not as compact as I expected it to be.<br /><br />It seems that with the ability for the cord to retract, they had to make the handle part fatter.  For someone with smaller hands, it's a bit more effort to hold the dryer up.  And on top of that, the dryer is pretty heavy which makes it even harder to hold it up straight for an extended time.<br /><br />If you are smaller built and want things small and light, then this may not be the dryer for you."
"First I will say that it dries hair just like any other hair dryer so I guess it does what it's supposed to do.  But, the use of toggle switches for power and temperature right on the handle instead of a sliding switch seems like poor planning at best.  Every time I change hand positions I'm accidentally turning it off or moving it from hot to warm.  The only way to avoid doing that is to not put your hand around the inside of the handle - I've dropped the dumb thing on the floor more times than I can count while trying to avoid turning it off!  All other dryers I've ever used have switches that slide up or down and only move when you want them to, not just if you accidentally touch it.  And the cord is very short as well - much shorter than any I've had in the past.  This dryer will be going to &#34;back-up&#34; status as soon as I get a better replacement."
"I don't know if its lack of skills on my part or lack of quality in this product but it just doesn't do what I expected. Also, when I used the highest setting I literally, not exaggerating, burned skin off my thumb. I don't know if I touched the dryer or my hair while it was hot because when it happened I didn't feel it at first. I don't want to return it because I'm still hoping I can make it work for me.<br />When I get someone who knows how to make my hair look the way I want with this dryer I'll update."
I really like this blow dryer (dried very quickly and felt that my hair was healthier than with my old blow dryer) but broke after 4 months of use.
"Bought the first one at an RV store and it lasted for several years of daily use. When it finally wore out, bought another one (same model). After about 6 months of use, the wires in the handle had been pinched and shorted out and damaged the unit. Bought another one. My wife has been using it for the last several months and this morning there was a pop and the low speed quit. I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 star because is  a really nice unit that we have liked, but wondering now about the quality control on recently produced units."
"I went out of my way to spend a long time looking at different reviews to find the most economical but high quality hair dryer I could find. This one seemed ok on price and the reviews looked good. All excited to finally used it, I turn it on and within 10 seconds it goes to this weird sounding low setting. I thought I must have switched it to low on accident until I double checked and I didn't. Then it went back to the normal high setting but every time I tried pointing it towards my hair it would switch back to the low setting with in 5-10 seconds. It took me three times as long to blow dry my hair where it came out all nice and frizzy (even when using a round brush). The hot setting when it did decide to be hot (big reason I bought this) wasn't very hot either (which probably caused more frizz). This low quality defective hair dryer was not worth buying."
This product arrived in an open box. The cord was pushed into the box. Looked as if it had been returned. But it arrived quickly and it works. Small easy to travel with.
"The hair dryer that I received does not match the description. First of all, it does not look new, does not have a folding hand, and it's blue."
"I have owned an older version of this Sunbeam hair dryer that worked well for many years -- I'm thinking at least 10.  Unfortunately, this model was purchased just several months ago and already the On switch will not always catch.  I have to keep pushing it or the Off button to get it to work. Often I find, also, that the red Reset switch was triggered.  I haven't yet contacted the company, but hope very much that they or Sunbeam will make a complimentary replacement.  If so, I will write a new review.  If not, never again will I buy a Sunbeam.<br /><br />New review:  The company from which I bought this hair dryer stands behind their product.  I have been sent a replacement as well as prepaid postage to return the original.  I am very pleased with this company's customer service.  I do hope that this Sunbeam product is free from defects.  A wall-mounted hair dryer can certainly be convenient."
"Beware, it doesn't work on HIGH when switched to 240 Volts.  I purchased this hair dryer to travel abroad.  I tested it at home as soon as it arrived at 110 Volts/ US and I loved it.  I was impressed at how powerful the HIGH speed setting was for a travel hair dryer.  Since I was headed to Europe I switched to 240 Volts and put it inside my suitcase. Once I arrived at my hotel I was very disappointed to find out, that once you switch to 240V you cannot flip the power switch to HIGH, you must try to dry your hair on the LOW setting which is no better than the hotel hair dryer. At first I thought it was just bad luck and went to try out my daughter's dryer ( I purchased two of these dryers since I was traveling with four teenage girls).  Their's did the same.  You can verify this at home, just put it on 240V and try to switch it to high with the dryer unplugged, you'll see that the switch won't move.  You can only go from OFF to LOW. If you are happy with the power at the LOW setting and your hotel doesn't provide a hair dryer, them this is better than nothing, otherwise don't even bother taking up space in your suit case to carry this dryer, you are better of just using the one the hotel provides."
"This hairdryer was my favorite one until it mysteriously stopped working one day for no reason.  When it did work, it dried my hair (thick & wavy) in about 5 minutes!  I also loved the retractable cord.  When unfolded, this is a full size hairdryer and it is weighty which I liked about it.  However, it won't turn on less than 1 year after I got it.  I have had previous hair dryers for years with no problems.  This is not an expensive hair dryer so it was great while it lasted.  I am giving it two stars because it didn't last.  (while it worked, I'd give it a 5)"
"The wind is strong when it works fine. However, it does not work today. I only bought it for 9 months. I know cheap stuffs do not last long. But my expectation is at least one year. I would rather choose a more expensive but better quality one next time."
"The hair dryer had great power and dried my hair really fast; however, it caught fire in less than a month.  I had to send it back."
"The dryer was great for about 3 weeks.  It was easy to install and had tons of power.  It dried my hair faster than my old dryer and was extremely light weight, however, it DIED!  I was drying my hair and it looked like something was on fire inside and about 30 seconds later it shot a streak of fire out and quit.  The heat source still works but the motor won't.  I am really disappointed with this purchase."
I have a previous conair blow dryer and it works great. it has so much power. The only reason why I purchased a second one is because I wanted a concentrator nozzle which mine did not have and i never found one wide enough to fit my dryer. So that is why I gave it a low rating.
Just does not get hot enough
I have had better conair products in the past.
The wooden sticks on these swabs break frequently.  There is not much cotton on the tip.  The 6 inch version work much better.  [[ASIN:B000GULSL4 COTTON APPLICATORS PURITAN NON STERILE 6'' 100/PKG]]
"I rarely write reviews, but I wanted to warn others of my experience which seems to be very common with this hair dryer.  There are not many wall mount hair dryers to pick from, and I mostly liked this one while it worked.  BRIGHT night light (can be good or bad.. I liked it), nice physical design, and decent power.  I thought the air volume still did not compete with most $15 standard dryers, but if you are not looking for big air volume, it is fine. My wife misses a cold button.  So in all, a mediocre hair dryer but with great wall mount convenience and bright night light.  Now with the issues... Bought 18 months ago, worked fine except overheated very easily. If used on HIGH, it would run as long as you want till you shut it off, then the internal temperature would apparently overheat with no more airflow, and would refuse to turn back on for 5 minutes or so.  Annoying, but I got used to it by going to medium heat for about 10 seconds before shutting it off every time.  That seemed to cool it down just enough not to trigger the temperature limiter in case I needed to turn it back on right away.  I probably would have pitched it, but I liked the wall mount convenience and put 4 holes in my wall to mount it.  Well, here we are 18 months of life, and now it is completely dead. Night light on but the hair dryer is not home. I am electrically capable and could probably open up and fix this thing, but it is not worth the safety concern.  If you want to pay a premium for wall mount, just know you might only get a year or two out of it.. others seems to have similar experiences.  Sad that the $10 hand held models seem to last much longer.  Anyway, to cover up the holes in the walls, I am trying one of the other few wall mount options out there by another manufacturer. If this one dies, I am giving up on wall mount.  Good luck... hair dryers should not take this much thought."
"this dryer is a waste of money, the hood does not adjust and it is difficult to get it positioned over your head so your hair actually dries. you have to stick your head all the way to the top of the hood to really get the air on your hair, and since it only really comes out of a few holes on the top it just burns a few spots and doest really affect the rest of your hair. this is only good for people with really straight fine hair. not for rollers or any types of styling ....."
"I tried these for about three days and found them difficult to tolerate. The bottom strip is especially challenging to get on right, and they make me salivate for the 30 minutes I have them in, and leave goop behind. I have to really motivate myself to use them, and have several times wondered if my teeth aren't already white enough. My dentist recommended them, so they probably do work if you can stick with the regimen. I haven't been able to so far."
"I am getting the funny smell on high as others have described. In addition to the high heat setting possibly being too much for the hardware to handle, it's also hotter than I can handle.<br />The fan speed and temperature are linked, as there is only one switch. The low speed is too low, but you have to use high heat to use the higher speed."
"i've normally loved my elchim blowdryers. this one did not make the cut. i felt like it was smaller and less powerful than my usual blowdryers. if i could return it, i would."
Lost the low heat setting in the first couple months.  It caught on fire before it was a year old.  Wouldn't recommend
"I purchased this dryer for a relative and I did not really like it.  I noticed that the retractable cord does not work exactly right and sometime does not work at all.  I see paint coming off.  I am told this hairdryer is really hot in temperature, perhaps to hot for hair drying.  Did not meet my expectations.  I would not recommend dryer to a friend or relative... Prompt delivery.  R. Dawson"
"This blow dryer seemed to be just what I wanted, but was a huge disappointment.  It is very loud as I think one reviewer stated.  That I could deal with but that was just one small detail.  The attachment for the hair curling I could not work, although that may just be me.  The settings for the hot and cold on this are right at the finger tips where you hold the dryer.  Therefore, if you are not careful you will be drying on warm instead of high.  You start wondering why its not getting dry.  I have had to change it back as many as 20 times in one hair drying session.  And now the last and & most frustrating feature of the dryer.  The concentrated hair drying attachment that was stated in the description of the product as coming off for easy cleaning, unlike most other models.  Well yes, it does come off for easy cleaning alright, it just blows it across the room as you are drying your hair.  You just don't want anyone else in the room with you for you never know where the line of fire may be.  It blows off with quite a force so I am sure it would hurt someone, particularly a small child.  I owned a Vidal Sassoon Dryer before but never one like this.  I cannot recommend this product and will not purchase another one of this brand.  It was inexpensive so I guess its true, you get what you pay for.  Not worth paying return shipping so I use it as it is until my new one arrives."
I like the folding handle but don't feel like the dryer gets hot enough to dry my hair very fast.
"The reason I chose this one was because of the 3 attached parts, they looked great and useful.  But turned out those cannot be attached.   All three always falled down after ~15 seconds, so no use at all.  This dryer is a little heavy but acceptable because the air is powerful enough to make the hair dry fast.   Overall, I am very disappointed for the special features. Its design has a major problem, should make it just as the bottle top.    Updates 2/21/11  After 7 months, it is not hot enough, just a little more than warm.  My old travel dryer is even better than this."
"This blow dryer was more annoying that useful.  I purchased this an an emergency dryer and mine gave up on me. What a disappoinment. The buttons kept swiching on there own from hot to cold to warm from medium to high heat. Just because the buttons are accidentally touched doesn't mean it should switch that easy. That alone did it for me. Also my hair frizzed up almost immediately after drying my hair. On the other hand my mom used it and although she also complained about the buttons switching easily,  her hair didn't frizz up my mine did. It stayed smooth."
"We bought this hair dryer in Oct. of 2009 and it stopped working in May of 2011, up to that point it had worked OK.  It is small and loud and did not dry as well as a normal size hair dryer.  We would not buy this product again."
"I wanted to like it, but the first time plugging it in and pressing the switch up, i heard a snap and the switch was no longer workin. Sent it back.<br /><br />Gave it two stars for the benefit of the doubt: Sometimes these things just happen. That, and the item despite being lemon, it felt like decent quality, especially for the price.<br /><br />Might try another one in the future, maybe there was a batch batch."
Totally not worth the money.  Nothing special about it.
I have owned this dryer in the past and this was a replacement after 3 years of my old one! This one must have been refurbished or defective because it didn't perform well after only 6 months. I went into Ulta and purchased a new t3 in person. Hope it lasts better than this one.
"I rarely write reviews, but I am beginning to try to find time to go back and voice feedback on the items I use most in my household. I bought this to replace my old Ionic 1875, which was on it's last legs from years of hard work. I am wishing that  I had bought a different dryer. The high setting is SO strong, and the medium would take a while to heat up to hot if I just started there. I can deal with this, but what I hate is the 'cool' touch button, which is supposed to hold your style and reduce frizzies. My last dryer did a great job with this feature, making my hair look smooth and shiny. But on this dryer, pushing this button is like going into a wind tunnel. Why would the makers kick the cool setting up to super-dooper-strong like the high setting? It blows your style to prices after you have just spent the time to create it!  I would have returned it if I could, but I bought it as back-up in case my old one broke, and too late by the time I actually opened it and tried it out. Thumbs down."
"product is nothing special, especially since most kids shampoos are tear free I was disappointed to find that it burned my 6 month old sons eyes.  Boo hoo.  Will not purchase again"
"well, it just didn't turn on after a year of use. it wasn't dropped or near to a water or anything that might've caused it to malfunction.<br /><br />As i was getting ready for my day, it just didn't turn on. i tried to troubleshoot it, reset, use a different plug etc. no luck."
Purchased in December 2011. Worked great up until November 2013. It behaves as if there is a short. I suspect it involves the retractable cord. I'll shy away from another retractable cord product.
"This hairdryer is way too bulky,big, heavy. Makes so much noise that it almost sound like airplane propeller. This is going back."
Reel slowly stops working over time.  6 months now since purchase and most of the cord will not retract.
I use the concentrator every time I dry my hair. It falls off at least 10 times. It gets really hot too so it's a pain to put back on constantly. The dryer is good. Just wish the attachments stayed in place.
Very noisy!!! Not comfortable to sit under. Was trying to replace one the was 30 to 40 years old. We all know they dont make things like they use to.
"I've been using Conair hair-dryers for 20+ years. I stuck to this brand because they've always provided good merchandise that was a good value for the money. That long streak ended with this product.<br /><br />Pros:<br />1. several different speed & heat settings provide a useful array of options<br />2. fairly inexpensive<br /><br />Cons:<br />1. there are two back filter screens; the outer one will not stay attached to the unit on the clip side, & the closing latch is defective; I removed it entirely because it doesn't seem to affect the operation of the unit considering that the second screen is built-in & usable<br />2. the hottest setting is not very hot<br />3. the slide controls are not aligned well (they slip past the detents & require too much force to push)<br />4. overall cheap construction, even for this fairly low price.<br /><br />All of this results in a poorly made unit, & not at all worth the price. A big disappointment for a dedicated Conair user. Time for me to look for another brand."
Have had this less than a year and it's started to take much longer to dry my hair- the air isn't coming out as hot or a fast as it used to. And most recently it started throwing out green sparks. I'm getting a new one but won't be purchasing this again.
"Very quick delivery, product is not as good as I expected. Not very powerful, although it does dry hair fast. I figured the watts at 1875 would be as strong as my old conair. Wouldn't purchase again :("
I order this after reading all the reviews. Before purchasing this blow dryer I had a very cheap bottom of the line dryer from walmart. I will have to say I am disappointed with how long it still takes to dry my hair. I was expecting more since for me this was an upgrade. It feels & looks cheap also.
"This dryer takes a very long time to dry my fine, wavy, chin length hair (20 minutes or more). I think the problem is weak airflow. Also, the styling nozzle keeps falling off, which is really annoying. I've had this dryer only six months, and am already investing in a new dryer of a different brand.  I thought the problem was my hair until I blow dried my own hair at my salon with my stylist's dryer, and it came out shiny and beautiful in so much less time. Since I use the same brush and product as her, I know it must be the dryer. For an inexpensive dryer, I preferred the Andis. I am paying a little more for my next dryer which is supposed to be of better quality."
I always buy dryers with a diffuser because of my big curly hair.  But this one is a small bowl shaped diffuser and when I bring it up to dry my hair if blows it out and all over the place.  It has these long holes on the side and the air blows straight through and causes my hair to blow all over the place.  I have to admit I did like it because of the color and that's why I purchased it; not to forget that Conair is a good product.  But if you are using it for the diffuser I'd skip this one.
"I stepped to level 9, after using level 6 for about eight months. Once I stepped up I finally began to see wrinkles become less prominent, and my acne more manageable. However, my skin became so red and irritated and my usually oily skin began to dry out. The results I did see were not worth the side effects and were not worth the money. Green Cream in general has a high alcohol content, and I first became aware of this when I started using Level 9 and found out this is what was most likely making my skin dry. There are far better retinol treatments on the market, especially for the amount that is paid for these products."
"After reading positive reviews, I orderd this hairdyer.  I had a Braun hairdryer that worked like a charm for almost a decade which now needs replacement. I dont want an Ionic Hair Dryer since it leaves my thick hair flat.    I was disappointed as soon as I took this out of the box, it's heavier than the Braun I had (too bad they dont sell any hair dryers in the US anymore) and the shape was kind of long.  When I turned it on, I found the dryer even in the lowest setting to be deafeningly loud and the air speed wasn't very good. You have to put it on medium of high to even get the temperature to be very warm but the noise was unbearably loud for me.   I'm hoping I havea defective dryer and I'm looking forward to trying the replacement Amazon agreed to send me."
"Everything about this hairdryer seems nice, except for the power. It is so weak. I do have thick hair but have another Conair that is much more powerful.<br />I would have returned this, but was able to swap with a friend who has thin hair."
"It doesnt do what it says, its not as described,my hair is static not very powerful, compare to other hairdryers"
"It is what it is for a $20 hairdryer. I didn't notice anything better or worse then most hairdryers I have owned except that it does automatically shut off if you use it too long. I guess it overheats? It will pop the circuit and I let it cool a bit and then hit the reset and it works fine again. If you have thick hair that takes a while to dry this would not be the hairdryer for you.<br /><br />UPDATE: So a few months later and this hairdryer has turned out to be not so great after all. It overheats quickly if it is on high for more than a minute, even though I have cleaned the dust screen, and it shuts off. Very annoying."
I have combination skin which has become more dry this winter so I was looking for extra moisture.  I did not like this moisturizer.  I found it to be too fragrant and left my skin feeling more dry.  I also felt that it left an uncomfortable residue on my face.  I really like facial products that feel clean and natural. This did not for me.
"The hair dryer is fine if you don't need to change the voltage, but I bought it for international traveling, and it's a big con for me that the switch doesn't turn to 250 volts. It looks as though it can easily turn with a coin. Do not be fooled. It's impossible to turn the switch to 250 volts. I stripped the switch bare trying to turn the damn thing. I can barely see where the arrow is, which points to which voltage setting it's at. Luckily for me (sarcasm), mine is permanently at 125 volts. Maybe mine was faulty, but I was definitely not happy with this product. Would not recommend to a friend. Two stars only because the hair dryer itself works fine and because it's cheap."
"I've had this hair dryer for 9 months and use it daily, but now am ready to give up on it and try a different brand. In the beginning, it worked pretty good, but it didn't take long for things to stop working correctly. Today was the final straw; after blow drying my hair this morning, it smells burnt. I'm getting rid of this thing before it starts a fire!<br /><br />PROS<br />*Comes with lots of accessories<br />*Dries hair quickly<br />*Back opens so that dust filter can be cleaned<br /><br />CONS<br />*Cool button stopped working after a few months<br />*LOUD<br />*Risk of fire/burnt hair<br />*Did not last long"
"My wife has had Conair hair dryers in the past that have lasted many years. Old one finally died. Wanted the same pistol grip style so bought the Blackbird Pro, thinking it would last even longer. This one only lasted 19 months before the bearings went out and I am told by Conair it only has a 12 month warranty. Paid $30 for it, but was able to buy a different cheaper model at WalMart for $17 with a 24 month warranty. Go figure."
"This hairdryer gets very hot, but not much air blows out compared to other (I have an older conair that I love) hairdryers. It's also very heavy."
On the mid speed it wasn't hot enough.  I returned it.
While the weight is decent. it's not designed well from a hand-use perspective. Also - no cool setting.  Hot air on low and high
"I gave this hair dryer to my wife in mid-April for her birthday.  She loved it.  It got VERY hot and dried her hair in about 10 minutes, which was a whole 10 minutes less than any other dryer she had used.  Everything was peachy until about a month ago (September) when all of a sudden it started making a terrible squeeling noise which required a bang on the counter to get working properly.  The constant banging lasted for about a month and now it squeels and doesn't get hot anymore.  All said and done, this is a great dryer if you only want it for 4 months, but for this kind of money I would have expected it to last a lot longer!"
when I flipped to 220 I could no longer turn the hair dryer to high. and now can't flip back to 110.
"The dryer functions okay.  The plastic is weak.  Second time I used the attachments, the dryer body chipped.  Fortunately, it didn't effect the ability to connect the attachments; though I wonder how long this will work?  I will return to the &#34;other&#34; brand with my next purchase."
"I ordered this dryer  based on all the good reviews but also a little apprehensive because of of the few negative reviews, but because of the price, I decided to try it. I am glad I bought this hair dryer. It's very light and quiet and  I like that there is a cool air button so you don't have to keep your finger on it like most dryers. Great dryer for me!    I am now reviewing after 5 months of use.  WELL......it died on me today:-(  It did perform well while it worked! Disappointed!!!"
"The 5 star reviews are a bit of a stretch. I've had a Vidal Sassoon dryer for almost 15 years now and I thought maybe I should step into the 21st century. Honestly this tourmaline stuff didn't make a difference in my hair. My hair is usually very shiny but this dryer dulled it for some reason. I do like the gripy texture and the color scheme is cute, it's much darker in person.  It would've been better as a grey color.  I'll probably air dry my hair mostly and finish up the rest of the moisture with this.  The worst part about this dryer really is the switch. I mean they seriously couldn't see this design flaw and couldn't make it more basic and sturdy? The switch shakes around and feels like it's about to break off. Anyway, I was going to return it but didn't want to go through all the trouble."
This is my third one and have been pleased with the units in the past.  This unit has been  dramatically changed from the previous units.  The other ones had sturdy mounting hardware and the design was much better.  This new unit looks to be constructed rather cheap.<br />We like the light in the units but the last one didn't last near as long as the first one.  I have yet to hang and use this new one due to the fact I will need to plug holes and paint before I install it since the mounting is totally different.<br />I intend to keep the unit and will hang it in another bathroom but in the future I doubt if I buy another Andis.
"We have a home full of blow dryers, every bathroom has one and we keep our travel bags stocked with them as well.  This one performs as well as any of the other low cost models we've owned but it died 8 months into our use."
"This blow dryer does not get hot enough to straighten curly/thick hair using the tension method. I tried using this on myself; my hair is mostly wavy and with an loose s curl at the ends, and it did nothing for me. My sister tried this too and she has thick hair-- did not work for her either. I was disappointed because I bought this as a Christmas present for her because she needed a new blow dryer. I thought the John Frieda brand would prove useful. I didn't even bother returning it, I just sent it to my family to see if they would find some use for it. Perhaps this would work better for already straight hair or fine hair that you just want to dry faster than letting it air dry."
"This product was listed as a 2000 Watt Ceramic/Ionic hairdryer.  It certainly had 2000 watts and was as loud and powerful as a jet engine in my bathroom.  However, despite the power, the heat was lacking.  And, it was so powerful, it was difficult to control fly-aways.  Not recommended for curly hair where you are trying to control frizz and defeat humidity.  Too powerful, but not hot enough to help."
"Got this for the wife, who uses it once/ twice a week. For a while she was happy with it, but then it started work intermittently with the heat cutting off and then it completely stopped heating up. We had had many blow dryers in the past and they usually last a couple of years, even the cheap ones, so its pretty disappointing for a 'professional' grade product to last less than a year in a light use household environment."
I purchased a hot tools blow dryer and they sent me a Helen of Troy blow dryer that looked exactly the same except for a few details. they put it in a hot tools box and everything looked exactly the same. I am disappointed because I like the brand hot tools and they never said anything about Helen of troy. the dryer works fine and everything but it had dust and dirt smudges on it when I got it.
"It only has two intensity levels, either too low or too high and loud. The hairdryer blew off the electricity in my apartment TWICE!"
"I had a Remington dryer before this that lasted 5 years. I have thick, super long hair, so I needed something powerful that wouldn't leave my arms sore from an hour's worth of styling. My old hair dryer did the job in less than 15 minutes - it was miraculous.<br /><br />The new line stinks, period. Instead of staying consistently hot, it cycles through heat settings (including cold). The cord is also much shorter than before - a pain for tall women. The newest development with my dryer is sparks SHOOTING OUT from the dryer INTO my hair. Um, hello?! I've had this for 8 months, and I use it anywhere from 1-3 times a week for 20 minutes or less.<br /><br />Two stars because it is still fairly powerful, and drying time isn't insanely long. I want to love this dryer... I just wish the old version was still available."
"It's ok but I was expecting it to have more power. Very expensive and same power as the previos model. I kept it because I don't have time to shop around, otherwise, it would had gone back."
"I was hoping for a powerful travel dryer, like the rest of T3 dryers. I had to return it, not powerful enough for me. You can get much cheaper travel size dryers that will do the same job."
"It was much smaller than I thought it would be.  It really looked like a toy.  I didn't read the details close enough, I guess so I didn't realize it was only 1200 amps instead of 1875.  I decided to give t to a little girl instead of the adult I originally purchased it for."
"I purchased this hair dryer in July for a 2 week trip and since have only used it a few times. It was compact and easy to travel with. It isn't terribly powerful but worked well enough to dry my hair and works better than most hotel dryers. I had even used it a few times in place of my every day Conair dryer and had no major complaints. Until I used it for a recent trip and when I turned it on it puttered, then started smoking and sparking. I have seen hair dryers die before, but usually not after such limited use, and I haven't seen them go out in smoke and flames before. I usually buy Conair but this product has given me doubts."
"I am writing this review to save anyone interested in this dryer to beware!  If you have thick hair you will not find this brush to be adequate.  I have medium long hair and am white, but my hair is very thick.<br />I know this dryer style is usually advertised for African Americans but it works well for caucasians with thick hair as well.  I found a different dryer that is working great.  Conair is the manufacture.<br /><br />Other than the brush this dryer appears to be well constructed.  I did not use it so I can say how well it drys."
"I purchased this hair dryer to replace my Super Solano that died after more than a decade.  I loved the Solano, but I wanted to see if a significantly less expensive dryer would work as well.  The good news is, it dries just fine.  The bad news is that the concentrator attachment (there are three attachments - I use the narrow concentrator every day for straightening) is unnecessarily difficult to attach.  For the first couple of months, it took a great deal of effort and force to get the concentrator nozzle attached.  I had to twist and turn and manuever it every which way.  Even when I managed to get it on, it was easy to knock it off during the course of drying my hair.  I had to wait a minute or two to reattach it because the nozzle was too hot to handle.  When it cooled down sufficiently, the twisting and turning began anew.  When this happened numerous times during one attempt to dry my hair, it got pretty frustrating.<br />As others have noted, the thin chrome finish of the dryer chips off very easily, particularly when using the attachments.  After having owned this for about two months, the chrome is completely chipped off (the dryer has a matte black finish underneath the chrome) where the concentrator attaches.  It doesn't look great, but I don't have to worry anymore about brushing chrome flakes off my clothes every morning.<br />Over the past week, it's gotten much easier to get the concentrator attached, and it's less prone to fall off.  I assume it just took a couple of months to stretch.<br /><br />Update 11/9/10: The attachment no longer will stay on the dryer.  I'm reducing the rating to two stars, because without the attachment, this dryer is worthless to me."
"It does dry the hair fast, but it really damaged my hair. It would get my hair so dry and fuzzy. I tried it twice, nad then gave it to someone else. I wouldn't recommend this at all."
"Was not very powerful, was expecting a little more from it."
The high power is about a mid between low and what should be high.  Takes much longer to dry my hair with this.  I would not purchase this again even though it was priced low.
I've used this dryer for less than 4 months and it's already acting up.  I keep it clean and store it in a holder (so it doesn't drop to the floor) and it's still acting up.  The power level drops.  The heat comes and goes.  The manufacturer wants me to ship it back to them....and then they'll send me a new one in 10 days.  How am I supposed to live without a hairdryer for that long?!?!?!  I don't recommend this at all.
I was going to buy a Babyliss but i ordered this one. It was a mistake since it is more expensive and it didnt last long. Now it takes forever to dry. I had many customers complain about it.
"I initially really liked this dryer.  I liked it enough that I bought two, one from Target and one from Amazon.  It's been a litte under a year and both have serious problems.  One no longer gets very warm, and when held at certain angles it looses power.  The other one is warm, but the speed/force decreased dramatically a few months ago, and now it's sparking inside while I use it.<br /><br />I usually expect 2-4 years out of a hair dryer, and for me to have two of these, for less than one year, speaks very poorly of the line of dryers."
"This hair dryer does leave my hair soft, but it's air flow is much too strong for styling my shoulder-length hair, even on the low setting.  Since air flow control was the primary reason for selecting this particular item, I am disappointed and use the dryer only occasionally."
"When it works, it a lightweight and powerful hair dryer. However, it started to make weird noises and squeaky sounds after 1 year and three months. Other hair dryers I used usually last more than 2.5 years!"
It is lightweight however it is very loud and it is not as powerful as i thought. I ended up buying another one a few months later.
I don't know what all the fuss is about. However I'm not going to stand there with this thing stuck to my head to try to dry my hair. I found it so much easier and less fuzzier to apply product and let the hair dry on its own than to stand and let this dryer do its thing. A complete waste of money on my end.
"I should first mention that I don't use this item in the typical way.  I never use the attachments as my hair is super short (2 inches), I just figured the shape would allow me to straighten my hair more efficiently.  It's a bit cumbersome and heavy.  It gets plenty hot and the low heat setting, although weak, is good for gradual straightening.  I don't like that you have to hold the cool shot button, plus it takes a lot of effort to press.  The button is placed in a very awkward spot for the way I hold it, facing down (again, not typical).  The brush attachment is useless because it's softer than hair!  I imagine this item would be more useful for someone with longer hair."
"Pro: it has a very fast Cool cycle - something I've always wished for in other dryers. Cons: The controls are very difficult for me to work with the machine running - the placement is maybe made for a bigger hand, but I can't reach the cool button comfortably when I'm using my right hand. The diffusor is very hard to attach, and even harder to detach.  And this one is my fault - I just assumed that all dryers came with a concentrator, but this one doesn't. I tried attaching the concentrator  from my Revlon dryer that just stopped working, and it doesn't fit. (Shouldn't they be universal?) Unfortunately I threw out all the packaging after I checked to make sure it worked upon delivery. Otherwise I would return it."
"I've had it for 7 months and it's all but dead. Makes funny noises, smells like burning, changes strength. I've kept hairdryers for years and years before this one and have never had this problem. I feel like I'm going to be electrocuted!"
"Overall, I like using this dryer, but I have had to get it replaced twice in less than three years. I would not recommend it, as it is not a long-lasting product. My most recent one lasted ten months, and it didn't even get used daily."
"I bought this to replace my aging Hot Tools dryer. The air flow is weak, it doesn't get very hot, and there aren't any vents near the nape of my neck, so the back of my hair is never dry. I would return it if I still had the box."
"I got this and was excited because of the reviews. It does dry my hair but takes longer than my drugstore dryer, but might be healthier. The attachments do NOT stay on making them almost useless. I tried to return it but my husband threw away the box, so I'm stuck. I can say it's pretty and I like the cool shot, but it does NOT lock as described....you have to hold it down the whole time. Also, the plug is too narrow. It keeps coming unplugged because it's too loose. It's easy to accidentally change settings or turn it off when in use because of button placement, but starting to get use to it."
"I did not like this blow dryer and returned it.<br /><br />Cons:<br />HEAVY & clunky<br />air does not get hot, just slightly warm<br />leaves hair looking brittle (not silky & smooth)<br />takes a long time to dry hair<br />&#34;rats&#34; hair as it dries (I've never had a blow dryer do this before- it's weird)<br /><br />Pros:<br />seems to have powerful airflow"
"My wife has used this dryer for eleven months without complaint, UNTIL NOW!  This morning, all six internal blower blades literally just suddenly fell apart.  What is otherwise a great product is ruined by the poorly made fan blades.  It's obvious that the blade material is cheap and simply can't hold up.  DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!"
"I don't blow bry my hair often but I have to say this dryer doesn't get very hot. I have curly hair so I have been doing the air dry thing for a long time until someone showed me how to use the curly hair thingy, (you know the big circle thing with fingers). So I thought this dryer would do the trick. I think it does the job,but considering I have had not even a year yet, I wouldn't recommend it."
"This blow dryer was great for the first year and a half (bought it brand new), but just recently it started to spark every time I used it. At first I thought it may have been a little glitch, but it's been sparking every time now. I have stopped using it so my hair and or face doesn't catch on fire! Scary!"
"Based on mostly positive reviews I purchased this hair dryer - usually the reviews on Amazon are on target - not this time.  This dryer appears to be well built and fits the space on my wall fine but has two major flaws that make me regret my decision to purchase:<br />1. The night light is way too bright.<br />2. More importantly, the air flow on the high setting is woefully inadequate for me!!!  Trying to dry my hair each morning during this hot summer has been no fun with this hair dryer barely pushing very hot air at me.  It usually leaves me sweating with semi-dry hair.<br /><br />I hate to waste hard earned money, but I'm looking at trashing this unit and finding a replacement (I used to have a Sunbeam model that worked great).<br /><br />Good luck shopping!"
"This is just like the one I have. According to the discription in the ad by Amazon, it was suppose to be light weight. But I was disappointed when it arrived, because it weighed more it was discribed."
"Having purchased a similar product some years ago, that I was happy with, I re-ordered this product. It is an updated version of my earlier order. What a difference. This dryer is very noisy and I would not recommend it. I was disappointed and returned the product."
Not enough power and doesn't get hot enough.  Next time I need one I will go back to Solano product.
"Purchased October 2011, broke March 2013.  So only lasted 1 year and 5 months.  Used it only 2 times every week, so it was gently used.  Will replace it with a different brand."
"I bought this hooded dryer because I do roller sets & deep conditioning treatments weekly.  At at first, I was really happy with my purchase; the dryer is quiet, and dries my hair quickly.  However, less than 6 months later, the Timer Knob breaks!  I tried super glue, to mend the knob, but that didn't work so this dryer is USELESS now.  I cannot set the time/turn it on, without that knob so I can't use the dryer.  I'm extremely disappointed in the quality item and I basically feel like I threw $100 + in the trash.<br /><br />I can't remember if this dryer came with a warranty, but if I could give the Timer knob replaced I would rate this product higher; for now it's non-functional."
"My old Remington ProAir Ceramic just died and I purchased this as what I had hoped would be a suitable replacement. Not even close. The airflow is too forceful. Even on low this dryer whips my long straight hair into a tangled mess. The nozzle is too narrow so it further concentrates the airflow. The dryer is on the heavy side for it's compact size..The high heat setting gets way too hot. Even low, once it heats up, seems excessive.<br /><br />It's going back."
"Got this for travel purposes. Used it 2-3 weeks ago. Takes longer to dry my hair (which I expected due to less wattage) and it makes my hair more frizzy (which I did not expect). This is in comparison to the Revlon Rv544blu Tourmaline Ionic 1875 Watt Dryer, which I also got from Amazon. The product came exactly as shown in picture."
"I purchased this because I wanted a wall-mounted dryer with sufficient power to dry my shoulder-length hair. I liked the cord storage and night light features, as well as the fact that we could use it on 1200 or 1600W settings based on who in the family is using it. It seemed to have the ingredients for a great little wall-mounted dryer. However, the dryer keeps shutting itself off (motor just stops blowing) when I dry my hair for more than 3-4 minutes. Once it cools down for a minute or two it starts again, but I have to tell you, this is a seriously annoying problem. I would not buy this again, and am pretty disappointed."
The hose falls off the cap a lot. It is easy to store and travel with. The hose is hard to get to stay on the cap. It keeps falling off.  Took about 5-7 minutes to get it to the point where it stays on the cap. Hose is short too.
"This dryer is not featherweight like it says in the name.  It weighs about the same as the one I was already using.  My hair does not dry any faster and is not made any smoother than it was with my old dryer.  It's not bad, just ordinary."
"I was optimistic after reading the mostly positive reviews, however I was highly disappointed.  If you don't apply the product several times in heavy coats you don't taste anything and it needs to be reapplied frequently (at least daily).  Also, while using the product it seemed that the taste would happen several seconds after going to bite my nails which made it rather ineffective as a control mechanism.  And when eating or drinking anything if you just so happen to touch or lick anywhere near your nail it gives your food what seems to be a more bitter and effective bad taste compared to your nails themselves.  I started to use a similar nail polish product but did not like the shine and how frequently it needed to be applied but it was much more effective and much cheaper as well.  I suggest the nail polish over this product."
"Installation is fairly easy.  The convenience of having the dryer on the wall, along with the cord management, was as hoped for.  However, it failed after a year, with smoke and burning plastic odor. The failure occurred in the wall mount area. Given the nature of the failure, I can't recommend this dryer.<br /><br />If you need the convenience, I'd recommend just buying a regular hair dryer along with a nice universal wall mount.  I've noticed that many hotels no longer have wall mounted hair dryers, probably to help save on similar maintenance issues."
"I bought this hair dryer having read the wonderful reviews.  It took forever to come and then didn't live up to expectation.  I was hoping to solve my frizz problem and speed up the drying time, but I didn't think this hair dryer did either.  I sent it back and was pretty annoyed that they only refunded me $64 of the $88 I spent on it.  They charged me a restocking fee and a shipping fee when I already paid $11 to send it back myself.  All in all, a lousy deal."
This was a great hair dryer....for 8 months.  Yesterday the heating element stopped working and now it only blows cool air.  I thought since it was a Revlon product and it wasn't cheap that it would last for years.  I was wrong :(
"It's not as hot as previous dryers I've owned. It's held up for over a year, so I'm not going to pan it altogether, but I wouldn't recommend or buy it again."
Too loud! All the descriptions about the noise is true.<br />And the low setting is too low.
"Initial review:  This hair dryer is perfect.  It was extremely inexpensive.  It's powerful.  It has multiple settings.  It has a cool shot.  It is quiet.  Perfect!<br />On second though, however:  the operating buttons are awkwardly placed.  While trying to dry your hair, your finger will inadvertently keep turning the blower OFF.  Extremely poor design."
I bought this dryer to replace a Revlon one that had a short in the cord.  This dryer did not blow hard enough or warm enough to dry my hair in a timely manner.  I'm returning it.
"I bought this a little over a year ago, used it 5 to 6 times a week to dry my short hair, and kept the dust/lint trap clean regularly. Loved this dryer and it dried my hair quickly. However, after barely a year, suddenly it blew nothing hotter than luke-warm air. I put up with this for a couple of weeks until one day it blew only cold air. Very disappointing, as I'd really liked everything else about this dryer. It's now been replaced with a lesser but more dependable brand until I can find something comparable. Look elsewhere or expect a limited product lifespan."
This hair dryer only lasted a couple of months before it died on me. Pretty disappointed it didn't last very long because it was a great blow dryer when it worked.
"The description is misleading relative to heat/air settings. There are 2 air speeds and 2 heat settings plus a no heat button vs. 3 air/heat settings. The air speed, and not much of it, is the same on high and medium; the heat changes. On low, the heat is the same as medium but the air flow decreases.    I have medium-long hair and was looking for a dryer with three distinct settings. This doesn't have them. My old and working Conair has only two settings and is more effective than this. At 1875 watts, the air flow on this is sad. Perhaps that's intentional and I just fail to understand why high isn't very high. The cool air button on the back is marginally inconvenient. Regardless, here's one to avoid and I'm going to try to return the one I got."
This blowdryer is okay. I orignally bought it because i heard it was a reliable brand and I also needed a new blow dryer and this was on sale with a 4 dollar off coupon. The filter that the air goes in through and then gets heated and comes out the other end so the back side it my hair gets stuck in this everytime i use it! it drives me crazy! So everytime i have to stop the bblow dryer and cut my hair out of it and clean the filter! The smell also i a dirffernt smell that comes out i dont know if thats just because my hair that gets stuck is making it smell because it burned or that its just a differnt blow dryer from my preivou one but i think i might just have t get used to it.
"I'm not a hair dryer connoisseur, and I have 100% curly hair and just wanted it to dry my hair before I flat iron it occasionally but it kinda leaves my hair frizzy and not smooth like it says ~ I can only compare it to my roommates Conair hair dryer that I seemed to get a better result with."
The wire mesh over the vacuum in the back wasn't even attached. I had to super glue it down so the blow dryer wouldn't suck hair into the back of it.
"This dryer is professional quality and, it does work very well if you have the muscles to operate.  It is too heavy to travel with."
Same weight as my old big dryer.  Not lightweight!
"the jerdan dryer has given us a broken switch after just a couple months of use  (has done this with 3 different dryers), i would not recomend this dryer to any one go for the sumbeam/oster a much better product"
"just like another reviewer wrote - the bonnet's elastic is so tight that it hurt my head and I didn't have very large rollers on. I took her advice and took out the elastic and put in a long shoe lace which was a very time consuming and frustrating job but it worked. Plus I don't know how anyone could sit there with the setting on high. The medium setting is almost too hot. If I hadn't read the her review about replacing the elastic, I would of sent it back."
"Edited January 2016:  After only six months, this dryer is wearing out.  It gets way too intensely hot, even on the medium setting, probably because the fan is barely blowing.  Hardly any difference at all between low and high fan, and it barely makes a breeze, so my hair is getting all heat and no movement. I went out and replaced it today."
"Had this item for a year now and it just broke on me, so I figured I needed to write a review to warn buyers. When the item first arrived, the back lid (air vent) didn't close all the way but it really didn't bother me much. I've had many other 1875w dryers and this one was a bit louder than my previous ones. About a week ago, the hair dryer stopped producing warm/hot air and now it just blows cold air. Had to throw it out and purchase a different hair dryer. This might just be a one time scenario... but I wouldn't purchase again."
"I agree with the other comments- I love how compact it is but was very disappointed with how heavy it is. It arrived in the original package but looked used. The dryer was just thrown in there without additional packaging. It also has a strong burning smell when drying that maybe wears away with more use. Lastly, do not buy if you are a Lefty. Just holding it I was able to switch the settings while drying my hair:("
"I have a mini pro and thought the one I ordered was similar. It was bulkier to use and heavier. I returned it. The &#34;Mini Pro&#34; is what I hope to purchase as my current blow dryer, still working well, will need to be replaced in the near future."
It takes a few seconds to get the hot air and the plastic attachments fall off. I wouldn't buy again.
"Bought this in July 2012, broke after 9 months worth of use. Not sure what the reason was, and I didn't bother to take it to the repair shop so it's going to the recycle bin. There were sparks of fire in the wire inside the hair dryer and I did not know what to make of it. Decided to give it up"
"I bought this dryer after getting sick of having to share my old one with 5 other family members.  It's neither great nor horrible.<br />It does what it is designed to do - dry hair.  That's about where the positives end.  The dryer is very heavy and it takes a good seven minutes or so to dry my baby fine, shoulder length hair.  The buttons on the dryer are in an awkward place and I'm forever accidentally bumping them and switching the settings or accidentally turning it off, mid-dry.  I did not notice any difference in my hair using this dryer with its purported ion technology.  The thing that annoys me the most about this dryer is the cord.  It's nowhere near long enough for my liking.  It's so short that I barely have enough length to dry my hair without sitting down - and I'm 5'3!  Bottom line: If you need just a hairdryer for a short amount of time and don't care that it's heavy/slow/has a short cord - then this is the dryer for you."
"I ordered this because I was looking for something to speed up the drying process for my long hair and decided to try this one based on the fast dry ionic feature.  The product dries my hair OK but I can't see any difference in the time it takes compared to my old blow dryer.  The things I don't like about it are:<br />1.  It's really big.  I had to reorganize my bathroom because it wouldn't fit in the drawer my old blow dryer occupied.<br />2.  It's really big (again) - I have small hands so it's uncomfortable and unwieldy to hold and operate.  One small plus is that, although it's huge it's thankfully not very heavy.<br />3.  Watch out for the buttons!  They are placed on the handle in a way that allows you to accidentally turn the hair dryer off, change the drying speed or the temperature while you are trying to dry your hair.  Since this just happened AGAIN to me I decided to write this review!  It's uncomfortable to try and hold a huge hair dryer while having to constantly watch the position of your hand on the handle where the buttons are located so as not to change a setting while operating.<br />I'll keep this because it's easier than returning it but if I had it to do over again I would not purchase this particular hair dryer."
I bought it in Nov. of 2010 and it expired in July of 2011. I have had goldfish live longer. I was using it and it suddenly started smelling like burning rubber. I immediately turned it off. Now only the low setting works.I have very short hair and it was not used daily. Hmm.....
"I've been looking for a new dryer with a soft bonnet after my last Vidal Sasson dryer broke.  This dryer gets very hot on the middle setting but doesn't dry very well. The low setting while cooler doesn't dry your hair. I  thought the exessive heat would make your hair  dry in half the time but it doesn't. This dryer also makes loud straining noises, which I am hoping doesn't mean the motor is about to quit.<br /><br />My old dryer is no longer being manufactured and this was the only alternative I could find. What can you do."
"This was my first 'expensive' dryer, and I was very happy with it initially. After 3 months, the Speed setting stopped working - the dryer only works on HIGH now. Manufacturer's website has no information about warranty. Very disappointing."
I bought this hairdryer as an extra but for an 1875 watt blowdryer this hairdryer is weak!! The medium and high settings blow equivalent air. Maybe I just got a defective one. I have a conair one that is much better.
"This hairdryer is lightweight, powerful and quiet as promised, however it completely died after less than a month. It seems like other reviewers had similar experiences. Therefore I would not recommend the product."
It stopped working today after working wonderfully for a few months :(
This dryer was not as small as I expected it to be .  Also was not as light as I wanted.
"I have ordered this hair dryer less than a year ago and it is already broken.  The retractable cord stopped fully retracting after about 4 months. After 11 months, the high and medium settings quit working and only low is still operational. I expect a hair dryer to last more than a year."
"I returned it, no questions asked. Not only was it too heavy for me, it also blew too hot for me on low."
I purchased this hair dryer as a gift. The recipient did not like how bulky and heavy it was so I ended up returning it. I also tried the hair dryer prior to returning it. I feel that it did not have the necessary amount of actual heat I need to dry my hair in a timely fashion. I was attempting to do a blow-out as I normally do and this really did not help straighten out any waves/curls.
"**Review about BLACK CHROME version.**<br /><br />It's always a pain buying a new hair dryer--you're used to the one you had, annoyances and all, and it's a crap shoot as to whether or not you'll like the one you've bought sight unseen (although you've read the reviews and are hopeful).<br /><br />I wanted to love this hair dryer, but overall I just didn't.<br /><br />The first thing I noticed is that it is HEAVY. Well, not a bag of flour heavy, but it certainly has a definite heft to it (heavier than I was used to, at least) and for someone who needs to spend a good 30 constant minutes holding it and moving it around...it was heavier than I'd prefer.<br /><br />The second thing I noticed is that the cord is REALLY long. I never gave much thought to cord length, but it is advertised as 10 feet and I'm sure it is. I can't say as if I ever need a cord that long--in all my years using a hair dryer, I think a 3' cord would be plenty.<br /><br />The third thing I noticed was that the attachments are metal--which at first I thought was a bonus because it meant they would be sturdier. That said, since they are metal, they get HOT during use! Surprise, I know, right? Hee. But when you're used to plastic and suddenly have metal and you forget and grab the end...OUCH! Also, the attachments were a bit of a pain to put on. I had to fight with one of them because it didn't seem to want to click on easily (or at least as easily as any dryer I'd used before). I did finally get it on, and thought Well, at least it will STAY on. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case with the resin pick attachment, which, in addition to being super awkward to use, came flying off the end in about seven seconds. The other concentrator attachments were fine, but that pick one was useless.<br /><br />The fourth thing I noticed is that the button placement SUCKS. I managed to turn it off at least 10 times in the first two minutes of using it. SOOOOO frustrating. Just grabbing the handle to hold it would bump it to OFF. GRRRRR. I tried to be especially mindful of it for the rest of the usage period, and I did get better, but I still turned it off repeatedly.<br /><br />The fifth and final thing I noticed is that the hot is REALLY SUPER HOT. I mean, so hot that you do have to really be careful how long you point it at your scalp--and I'd NEVER use it on my hair without putting some form of styling protectant on it first.<br /><br />Taking everything into consideration, this was NOT the hair dryer for me. AT ALL. It was too heavy (minus one star), had hard-to-attach and useless attachments (minus one star), and had sucky button placement (minus one star). It's going back.ially mindful of it for the rest of the usage period, and I did get better, but I still turned it off repeatedly.     The fifth and final thing I noticed is that the hot is REALLY SUPER HOT. I mean, so hot that you do have to really be careful how long you point it at your scalp--and I'd NEVER use it on my hair without putting some form of styling protectant on it first.     Taking everything into consideration, this was NOT the hair dryer for me. AT ALL. It was too heavy (minus one star), had hard-to-attach and useless attachments (minus one star), and had sucky button placement (minus one star). It's going back."
"Just not enough blow power compared to the one I had.  Takes too long to dry even on high.  No, I wouldn't buy it again.  Did not meet my expectations."
I just signed in to find when I ordered this and it was last October. It has worked fine until it began having little sparks in last couple of days internally. Would not recommend this because of that hazard and only getting less than 1 year out of it.
"Have been using the Conair walmount dryers for years.  The new one that I ordered don't really seem to have quite as much air movement as they did in the past, although not really sure due to it is so much quiter maby just appeares to be that way.  Also on the old ones, I could just take it from the wll mount bracket and use it like a regular Blower, or just put a new one in an old prewall mounted bracket.  On this one I had to cut the cord and re splice it, due to it being hooked to the Light so It would not just come out of the wall mount bracket  without cutting the cord.<br /><br />Jerry"
This hairdryer doesn't have enough oomph to get the job done.  It needs more power to blow air.  It is frustrating to dry my hair with it.
NOT travel size. Works well but heavy and large.
product works fair on thin hair but on denser & curly hair takes an excessive time -would not reccomend for travel or heavy & thick hair. My last revlon was more compact-dried faster-easier for the children to use before school.
"As a professional makeup artist and hair stylist I invest in a lot of products. This hair dryer is really not my favorite. I usually hold it by the base when I'm drying a client's hair but it gets so hot that I have to hold it by the handle, but when I do that I'm touching all the buttons and turning stuff on and off on accident. Also, the part that holds the filter on the back of the dryer keeps falling off that I had to tape it and now it looks terrible but it's the only thing that holds the piece on. Not to mention the metal grate on the back that holds the filter in keeps caving in constantly. I feel like these are not meant for travel, which is funny because it's travel size. Maybe I got a bad batch or something.<br /><br />Yes it's a powerful driver, but this seems more like it's aimed at a consumer than a professional which is sad because I had many professionals reccomend it to me. I wouldn't reccomend this to traveling stylists, but maybe it works better if you have your own station."
"This dryer works just fine and could have gotten five stars, except for one awful design blunder. The switch to turn off the heat is momentary, and if you don't want heat, you have to keep your finger pressing it in the entire time. What kind of design is that?"
"I believed the wonderful hype about this dryer. Still, there was one nagging review that said the hair dryer was breaking her hair. I ignored it. I hope you won't.    The dryer seemed to make my hair dull. I could live with that. But I started to watch my hair get frizzy. I have wavy hair, and I live in a dry climate; no reason for frizz. But it wasn't actually frizzy - it was actually all the broken ends frying into frizzle. I finally had to admit that the dryer was the problem and I went back to my nearly broken old dryer from 1995.     It will take a long time before my hair is grown out and the damage gone. Lots of nourishing hair products and lots of time. And I wasted so much money on a dryer that really hurt my hair. Too late for me, but if you haven't bought it yet, don't do it."
"If you use a brush attachment, don't bother with this dryer!  Also, the high, medium and lowsettings only manage heat.  There is no difference in the force of the air flow.  If you have medium to thick hair, this dryer won't provide enough power to dry your hair in a reasonable lenght of time.  This dryer is weak.  I would only recommend it for people with fine or short hair."
"So disappointed! Scrutinized the reviews before ordering this and totally disappointed.<br />Pros: The low, medium and high work fine. The cool shot, when held down works fine.<br />It does fold without issue.<br /><br />Cons: Thank goodness I decided to err on the side of caution and test this out as soon as I took it out of the box. The retractable cord DOES NOT RETRACT ALL THE WAY! There is a good 7&#34; of cord that can not be retracted because of a stopper that can not be moved or removed. The part that should fully retract did not, after 30 seconds of CAREFUL use.<br /><br />There is no diffuser. The little black piece that is shown in the pic does not a diffuser make.<br /><br />Ordered yesterday and returning today, enough said."
Replaced it because there was no difference between the heat settings.  The dryer didn't get hot enough to dry my short hair in less than 10 minutes.
"I purchased this blow dryer a few months ago loved the product until it randomly DIED the other day. Fortunately I had saved my old one, or I would have had to leave the house in freezing weather with a wet head. Not pleased."
"I bought this Conair hair dryer to replace my old Conair, which I had for 4+ years. Unfortunately, it looks like the quality of Conair's products has gone downhill since my previous purchase. This hair dryer has a Comfort Touch coating, which I initially thought was very nice. It feels soft to the touch rather than the slick plastic of the older models. But after just a couple of weeks of use, the coating started bubbling and peeling off in the area where I hold the hair dryer. I've only had it for a month and a half, and the outer coating looks positively pathetic already. I also don't like the settings on this model--there are only two speed settings, with the lower one being barely on. The high setting is okay, but it does make me feel like I'm in a wind tunnel at times.  This hair dryer has some pros: It gets quite hot, and it's fairly lightweight. So if you don't mind your hair dryer looking like it's constantly recovering from a bad sunburn after a month of use, perhaps you'll like it."
"The finish is nice and matches our stainless steel/black wall oven nicely. However, the button to open the door no longer opens on the first try or needs some help. And occasionally something internal to the microwave makes a noise when the tray is rotating."
microwave worked fine when I bought back in March '15; then a few days ago it would not turn on. Will not buy Danby microwaves again.
Not as expected. Measurements are given and are true to what the item itself is. Was very surprised at how big this microwave turned out to be. Very dissappointed as I thought I would be getting a small microwave. This microwave took up just as much space as my current one. It will be going back to seller.
Good microwave oven.  Priced right. Setting too high will burn everything till learning curve is over.  Expect to burn a lot of food.  8/26/15 re-review  turn table inside quit working.
"It's kind of tinny.  Probably just too small . The latch for closing the door sticks so you need to slam the it,  and the whole thing shakes.  I'm already prepared for itt o die, and I will buy a larger and more expensive one."
it was great!! The product came as described...on time and the right product.
Doesn't work on a pure sine wave inverter.
"what a huge waste of money!  We bought this microwave specifically because it would fit into the little compartment of my husband's OTR truck.  We've never had issues getting a microwave to work in the truck before... and to make matters worse when my husband called their posted phone number for assistance he kept getting passed around from one 'um, I don't know' person to the next.  We would have returned the microwave IF he hadn't already put it in the truck and left from home BEFORE he discovered that it doesn't work on the power source (why not... we still don't know).  Looks like he puts back in the too large microwave and has to take it out and set it on the bunk in order to make a meal.<br /><br />We gave it a 2 because it is the perfect size and it DOES work if you want to use it in a house, but for some reason will not work with the power inverter OTR trucks use."
"Loved this when I first got it, purchased after reading really great reviews. However, I noticed that the top got really hot, and several weeks after purchase it got so hot that it shut itself off! This didn't happen again, so I kept it, until a month and a half after purchase I went to open the door to put a cup of coffee in and the top part of the handle broke- saw a piece of plastic shoot across my counter. I am returning and getting another brand- not going to waste my money on another of these cheap pieces of equipment."
"I bought for my father-in-law's truck. In terms of its size, it was perfect fit for the truck with inverter built in but as other people described, it's not working properly with the inverter. I think it will work normally with normal AC but not through the inverter. The inverter was rated as 1500W. So $50 inexpensive microwave works better than this one. I had to return it. :("
Working but you need to set extra time to get your food warm up. What I normally warm up in 30 seconds when I had GE microwave oven now takes 1 minutes and 30 seconds to warm. I could have return it but I don't want Amazon to tag me as product return guy! Not recommended for anyone who is looking for fast action product!
"Several Samsung appliances looked interesting (features/appearances) when we were upgrading our appliances. Then I found a problem after diving into the customer reviews - the overall ratings are good, but for customers who give them low rates have catastrophic failures, e.g. smoking induction ranges, more than other brands.  We decided to stay away from Samsung brand for our major purchases. As we got most of our appliances sorted out, we still need a microwave. This one, again, looked interesting. I thought ok how bad can it be? Its neither too heavy nor too expensive, let's take a risk on this one. But I was wrong.  Long story short, after one month, the turntable starts to make noise. After 3 repair attempts over several weeks, we were left with the turntable not turning at all. To add to the insult, these 3 repair attempts don't even register in Samsung's system, so even if the lemon law is more and more applicable to my case, I would have trouble claiming it.  Based what I found after taking apart of our broken Samsung TV, I think the company put too much emphasis on using their own components, and some of them are not very good. That could be why we are seeing a pattern of reliability problems across its product lines."
"Was extremely happy with the performance of this oven while it worked, however after only 4 months of moderate usage it stopped working completely: it made a loud droning sound, followed by the smell of electrical burning, and then would no longer would heat up anything. I would also note that the mechanism to open the door is annoying- it is located under the control panel and it would be better to have it on the door handle."
"The microwave did a good job of heating, but had enough problems that I sent it back after 4 days.<br />1. It blew the circuit breaker, which had held up to other microwaves of similar power for years.<br />2. When starting, it made a worrisome bumping noise.<br />3. The spindle rotating the plate often made a grinding sound.<br /><br />Amazon & UPS get 5 stars for making it easy to return."
Lasted 2 years and then fell apart. The tabs that hold the window in place all broke off on their own. LG does not care since it is out of warranty. They want to charge me over $100 for a new door.
"This is NOT a one touch simple to use microwave as advertised. I bought it because many reviewers stated that the start/stop button was also an &#34;add 30 seconds&#34; button. IT IS NOT. Even the picture buttons are not easy. First you have to push one of them, then the number of them you are cooking and then the start button. That is 3-touch, not 1! I bought this for my parents in their nineties. No way they can use this. It's going back. P.S. The inside is stainless steel and would be easy to clean."
"It's noisy. You can end up pushing it off the table before the door release works. I have to use two hands to open the door, one to hold it from moving while I push the door release with the other. The plastic printed button cover is already starting to show signs of ware after only a few weeks of use. The buttons are hard to locate the center of and actually operate. It doe's a great job on popcorn though."
"This microwave OVERHEATS if popping more than two or three bags of popcorn!  Once it overheats, it automatically switches to the lowest power mode available, thus making it take forever to heat anything. You have to let it rest for 20 minutes or so to cool down.<br /><br />The microwave works well if you don't use it too much at once.  But for more intensive use, buy something more powerful!!"
"I liked the microwave, but it was damaged when I received it so I sent it back."
"UGH... I wished I had NOT purchased this microwave... the ONLY good things about it is the rounded back to fit nicely in the corner of my counter, the 30-second quick-start button, and having the light stay on while cooking... it's the weakest wattage microwave I've ever had... having to relearn how to do simple things that take 1 1/2 times the amount of time to cook... I miss the traditional power level buttons and being able to key in 15 minutes instead of pressing the start button 30 times.... I do NOT recommend this at all."
Item had tarnished spots on it. Not what I expected for the price. Looks very cheap.
The quality and deliverry where very good but I returned it unused as it weighed too much and the rounded corners in the rear didnt fit my application. Its a nice unit but didnt work for me.
"This item is for students in a dorm room, not big enough for a 8' inch plate. It does not take up to much space and it is over price."
"I received this microwave and it didn't work! I plugged it in and tried several outlets, but the clock didn't light up and it didn't respond to me pushing any of the buttons. It was really easy to get a new one from amazon and they shipped it very quickly. So far, the second one has been great and exactly what i wanted. However, I had to return the first one that didn't work and the shipping methods were extremely inconvenient. Ups will only pick it up from my house during the day when I'm at work. I had to take it to the post office, but i don't have a car so i had to carry it and walk several blocks. In addition, the max shipping reimbursement wasn't enough, so i'm out another $5 for their mistake."
Magnetron came quickly but the diode was not in the package as advertised. I do not want to install the Magnetron without a new diode.
"But I don't like the fact that it doesn't have numbers, I always go over the time I need or it takes too long if I do it manually. It's also too small to fit large plates...."
The door has a huge dent in it. Makes me suspicious of how &#34;new&#34; the product is or if it is a factory second or something  returned by another purchaser.
"I received and installed the microwave. So far, I am pleased with it.<br /><br />It was damaged in shipping (a dent on the top back edge. This does not affect the installation or operation. I noted that a number of other reviewers had damage in shipping. This needs to be fixed. Better packaging and selection of carrier might help.<br /><br />The hardware (toggle bolts) were cheap and just fell apart when I used them. i had to use other hardware to install the unit.<br /><br />The template is a bit off. I had to redrill the holes for the top cabinet to get it to fit. I measured the holes on the unit and found the template was off about 3/4 of an inch."
"The beep is too loud, and the door rattles. Fixed the door rattle by lifting up the back with a folded 3 by 5 card. Good microwave oven for the near deaf. And the digital display is too bright in my studio apartment; I wanted a microwave oven, not a nightlight."
"Display didn't light up so unit wasn't usable when it first arrived. GE service was pleasant and resolved after 2nd visit.  A few days later, the light under the microwave stopped working.  2 issues in less than a month doesn't bode well..  Also you can only heat in 15 sec increments when using the time dial.  But the good news...options for preconfigured settings for various items and their cooking times (potato, veg, etc...)  are fairly substantial and works efficiently.  HOWEVER.... I wouldn't recommend installing the microwave above your stove. Since the microwave is faced in stainless steel, the door handle and face of microwave gets extremely hot to the touch while cooking on the stovetop.  Speaking of the stove, I had much better luck with GEs Caf Dual Range Gas stove.  Bought at the same time. No issues. Works great. Highly recommend stove without any hesitation. Absolutely love it!!!!! Wish I felt the same about the microwave."
"I got this because it was touted as a mini-microwave. Of course, I am capable of reading the dimensions, which I did, but when it arrived it still seemed shockingly huge for a mini or compact microwave. It simply won't work with my limited counter-space. I don't know how well it works, because after trying it in various spots, I put it right back in the box. BTW, it is $30 to send back, so make sure you want it before you order."
"This is a very handsome appliance and for the first year it operated well or as expected. Within weeks of the first year anniversary the microwave died, an operating board went out and it no longer functioned and the repair would cost almost as much as replacing the product. I contacted GE and they instructed me to have a repairman to come in and diagnose the problem, if I decided to repair or replace they would give me credit for the service call, but because the warranty had just run out they would not be responsible for replacing the product."
"While I love the shape of the microwave (it does fit perfectly in a corner), the turntable is defective and does not turn.  Upon removing the packaging, I immediately turned the microwave on and placed a cup of water in it to see if it was heating ok, walked off a minute and when I returned the water was very hot.  I thought eveyrthing was ok, so I threw the packaging away.  A few days later, I put a plate of food in the microwave to heat it up and that's when I noticed the turntable was not turning!  I opened the door, checked the wheels it revolves on, replaced the glass, gave the glass a little turn and still nothing.  I tried even placing things of different weights on it, sometimes it would turn a little like it was trying to turn but then would abruptly stop.  So buyers beware, I would not purchase this item."
"Door doesn't always close right and although it is practically new, it sounds like it is dying.  Would not purchase again!"
"We needed a small microwave for a small space, and this fits perfectly ... but:  very low power (takes a long time); not tall enough for many things (have to transfer contents to shorter vessels); extremely loud beeping that can't be turned off."
"This microwave does not heat as quickly or as hot as we would like.  It has some great features, but its performance is just not up to par for the price."
"Purchased this product from Warehouse Deals (Fulfilled by Amazon) which was advertised as USED but in GOOD condition, microwave oven arrived April 28, 2012. The product did not work and the door was damaged. Contacted GE Tech support who dispatched a repair tech to my home on May 1, 2012, who indicated the door was bent and the microwave had internal damage. He also stated he would ship the parts to my home and when they arrived to call GE for him to return. On May 5, 2012 the parts arrived, notified GE immediately and a tech representative  would be responding Monday May 7, 2012. I don't know if this product  had damage before it was shipped by Warehouse Deals or it was destroyed in transit by UPS. I will keep this situation updated as time progresses then either keep the rating or change it? Just a note...reading all the bad reviews on this particular GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) I'm contemplating  having additional problems with this particular GE microwave. I really had no choice, this unit replaced my old GE Profile Spacemaker microwave (JEM31SF01) that was built into a custom kitchen cabinet; as I required the exact dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers.<br /><br />Update 5/9/12: The GE technical representative responded to my residence Monday 5/7/2012 who subsequently replaced the front door and some internal electronic parts. The new door still did not align properly with the frame. The rep contacted GE and informed them of the continuous failure of the door not to align correctly. A decision was made to replace the entire unit with a new replacement. I will keep this situation updated if and when the new microwave arrives from GE.<br /><br />Update: 5/17/12: A brand new microwave was delivered to my home and installed by a installation/repair company sub-contracted by GE. One of the installers from this third party company advised me this specific GE Profile Spacemaker microwave oven (PEM31SMSS) is their #1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together.oven (PEM31SMSS) is their #1 problematic GE microwave; for the reason that the inside paint peels-off within 3 to 6 months of use. The gentleman also indicated they exchange these microwave's more than any other GE microwave. With all this latest documentation and all the negative reviews on this particular model (PEM31SMSS) what's the probability of my new microwave lasting the test of time???..... Mediocre To Put It Mildly. As I previously indicated, I had no recourse, since I needed a replacement to fit into a custom cabinet, with the correct dimensions/screw lineup for the interior metal holding frame and the stainless steel trim covers; these two items cost more than the entire microwave alone. In conclusion, I would recommend everyone to purchase a different model GE or a different brand all together."
"After 1 year of light use (maybe 3x per week to warm leftovers), the sensor stopped working and now the microwave does not heat anything.  The cost to repair is more than the appliance is worth."
"The box was somehow very light, and right then, I knew we had made a mistake.      This microwave is almost like a toy.  It is very tiny and underpowered.  We unpacked it and put in a pack of popcorn. Well, it spun around on top strength for over two minutes without a single pop.  After 3-4 minutes about half of the popcorn was popped.  Forget it. It must have been broken, or maybe just for making things warm, not hot.    We returned it right away. Speedy return system!"
"When you close the door, it is VERY loud, to the point where it's annoying. If I had known this before I purchased it, I would have bought a more expensive one to not deal with the noise every time it closes. The plastic covering the buttons is already ripping, had it for less than a year. Other than that, it works fine."
"I had the older version 2083ST and it stopped working so I replaced it with this microwave - has identical size and older model does not exist.<br /><br />Two aspects were problematic from the prior model - one of the mounting screws was located in the wrong position, thankfully the wall bracket and one of the screws aligned perfectly. So had to drill one more screw. However, the two screws are not symmetrical i..e the distance from the sides of the microwave are different. This is bad engineering, as the center of gravity is not the center.<br />Second, the interior is grey, so we cannot be see the food cooking. Moreover, the bottom of the outside panel is tinted (or black) so unless you are 6 ft tall, you cannot see the very dark interior with very small light.<br />Further, the microwave arrived with the mounting bracket (which was located at the top of the microwave carton) bent; thankfully, we had the older one, we did not have to use it.<br />Overall, disappointed with LG design and there is no backward compatibility with older models."
"I've had the microwave for 2-months. It used to open easily. It no longer opens when you push the button, you have to manually pull the door open. definitely a disappointment. I hope I can return it!"
"Microwave functions as expexted but the inside smells bad. I think it's because the steam from food gets 'trapped' inside. After some use, I can see that the door has moisture droplets. I think this is what cause the bad smell. My old microwave of ten years never had this problem. With this one, I have to leave the door open after use, and have to clean the inside frequently. I didnt have to do any of these for my old one. Will not recommend this microwave."
Item arrived damaged.  At that point return of item became a issue.
Arrived Damaged and needed to use immediately...
"Perhaps I just got a bum microwave, but everything comes out hot on the outside and cold in the middle. And there's no sensor cook like the Panasonic microwaves, so choosing the &#34;frozen vegetable&#34; settings cooks the vegetables for 3.5 minutes at 60%, which is less than a third what it actually needs. I got this to replace a faulty Panasonic (since Panasonic customer service was TERRIBLE), but I'm going back to Panasonic."
Kind of weak and weird. It is from France and i worry it may wig out because it flashes.
"Door doesn't open when you hit the button, you have to hold the button in with one hand and then pull the door open with a 2nd hand.  Buttons are cheapy, just a cardboard panel (comes with a 2nd cardboard panel in French to swap out).  Seems like it heats OK, but the door is a deal breaker.  I'm returning it (I've never returned anything from Amazon, but I hate it that much)."
AFTER I MADE EXTENSIVE PREPARATIONS TO PAINT THE CAVITY OF THE MICROWAVE I NOTICED THE NOZZLE HAD A CRACK IN IT THAT I COULD NOT SEE UNTIL I HAD APPLIED THE PAINT. THIS LED TO DRIPPING AND STREAKS IN THE PAINTING PROCESS. IT MADE A TERRIBLE MESS AND THE RESULT WAS NOT NEARLY AS GOOD AS I WOULD OF HOPED . TRIED TO FIND ANOTHER CAN THAT I COULD USE TO REPLACE THE DAMAGED NOZZLE BUT WITH NO RESULTS. MY SUGGESTION IS SPRAY SOMETHING TO TEST HOW WELL THE NOZZLE WORKS BEFORE USING ON ACTUAL APPLIANCE.
"I bought this thinking common spray paint might be a bad idea. The can warned of the issue of fumes, which in the usual manor, I ignored. I sprayed my microwave, and man did it smell, and really seemed like I should not have been so casual about the warning. So then I thought, if the fumes are so bad, and they lasted for weeks, how good is this crap to be so close to our food, In my imagination, it seems worse than a can of Rustoleum! Who knows, it was fairly expensive for a small can, and it didn't give me a good feeling, but again, who knows?"
"I like the form, fits well in the corner of our counter.  Fairly weak strength but adequate for heating up a bowl of food.  Biggest issue is that it is now DEAD! after only 4 months of use.  Still trying to get Whirlpool to fix or replace it but customer service has not been stellar.  Day 5 after contacting them but still trying to reach the person I need."
the items was shipped & handled by UPS.  the microwave was bent in several places on the bottom. it was hard to tell if it was that way before packing or done during shipping.  box was damaged as well.  had we not been working<br />on a deadline for a house showing I would have sent it back for an exchange.  but no time.  it appears work just<br />fine and the dents don't show thanks to the shelf it was placed on.  I would expect a discount based on the<br />damaged product we had no choice but to keep.  I have photos if needed.
"Thin metal foil surface piece peeled off almost immediately.  Glued back on, but will probably happen again in other places.  Door is flimsy and bends easily so it requires a careful and firm slam to shut properly or the latch doesn't catch and it won't operate.  Same with closing after use, or light won't go out.  For the wear and tear, I imagine that the latch is what is going to finally break first.  This is the first truly disappointing major brand appliance that I have bought, and it was not the low end model.  We got GE Profile to match our other kitchen appliances. We will be needing a new dishwasher soon. This is enough to make us change brands."
"Looks great. But you have to press Open and Close buttons to open and close drawer. Very delicate product. It is uncomfortable, unpractical to press these buttons everytime. I am sure they will go bad very soon. I will not suggest anybody to purchase this product"
"I purchased this product because our last Spacesaver finally bit the dust after almost 20 years.  Not the same quality product as previously produced. Door sticks , popcorn button doesn't always spin turntable as indicated in manual."
This PEM31SMSS GE Profile Spacemaker unit intermittently powers off while cooking. There seems to be a power supply issue. If you unplug for a few seconds and plug back in (I have to reset the clock) it will work again until it powers off randomly again. Not sure what is up.  I have contacted the Amazon seller and am awaiting instructions for returning and getting a new unit. I have a old (8+ yr old) full size GE Profile Spacemaker 2 that has never had any issue which I will continue to use until I get a replacement unit.
They're ok I guess. I prefer the Munchkin Latch Lightweight pacifier much more
We use the Soothie pacifier and I couldn't find one that was for older babies.  I have a fear of her swallowing her pacifier so I thought this would be a good switch b/c I always have a hard time finding her pacifier in the night.  It's good that it glows in the dark but unfortunately I was not successful in getting my baby to switch.  She cried for the Soothie.  Looking at the nipple it's a lot different than the Soothie's.  Wish it worked out.
i bought these for my daughter to use for her baby because i had used evenflo angled bottles with her when she was born & they were great. they're not so great these days. the base of nipples never fit snug in the rim. maybe it's the strange notch on them now. i just know that they leak! every bottle i bought her is leaking & the nipples collapse several times during each feeding. bring back the 1994 design!
looks like a plain cheap umbrella.
Cheap looking and a lot smaller then I thought.
"Great looking and feels high quality, but my child will never keep it in his mouth because it is shaped strangely. He hates the feel of the dummy in his mouth."
"Should have looked at some reviews and believed them. I got NY Mets and the picture has them in, what looks like at plastic case, and an orange stripe on pacifier. The ones I got were blister-packed, and no orange stripe. I really got these because of the otange strioe as I had seen the solid blue ones before but loved this design. So, if you like this pacifuer design, be warned it'll come all blue and blister packed-as this was a gift, they look cheaper than pictured."
"My baby hates this design so I had to try another brand. I'm sure they're fine for some babies. Basically, just try a variety and see which ones your little one prefers."
Nipple was very small and rubber was very soft. I expected a more heavy duty pacifier.
Too large and cumbersome for my baby
"Pacifiers are ok, but picture shows 4 units, and they only deliver two.<br />Misleading advertising."
"design is poor . as one removes the lid the accessories often fall off and that means they have to be sterilized again. especially if you are trying to sterilize more than just bottles, the design doesn't work. I use Dr Browns bottles and it was a mess. The overall function is fine though."
My daughter did not like the shape of this paci. at all. I also tried to clean it a couple times but the plush toy wold get soaked. most babies cant put their mouth around something so circular. too round.
Shipping go fast. it's perfect<br />Bear is beautiful but it's not the same<br />there is no drawing nor of writing
"...they do not stick, at least for us. i guess they are good for storage bowls for on the go, though."
"we have had this monitor for almost a year with one camera and it is great. battery life of great, picture and sound are both great. only complaint has been that darn flashing light.. i cannot even tell you how bright it is. we had to cover with electrical tape to be able to sleep. however, recently we bought a second camera because we're expecting a new baby (being able to monitor multiple cameras was the primary selling point). but peep mode apparently does not work with more than one camera paired (in cascade mode). this means the screen stays on constantly. not only does that affect battery life but it affects my sleep too. i only want the screen on when it needs to be. we tried setting one camera as the primary to see if the other one would activate with noise and it doesn't. what good is that? if you're only using one camera then i recommend this monitor, but i'm very disappointed in the lack of flexibility with more than one camera."
was great for 3 months then split. i expected to it to at least last a little longer. very disappointed since it worked great.
"some of the toys are ok, one broke when i cleaned it so my daughter never got to use it and another broke into pieces 5 min after i handed it to her, she is only 5 months, so she didn't need a lot of power to brake it.<br />but what can you expect when you buy 6 toys for 6$? "
"wife and i read all the glowing reviews, bought it, and ended up really not liking this backpack. we've had it for 2 years. our complaints was bag layout, and floppyness<br />- we never used the built-in wipes pocket, it is easier to grab a bag of new wipes, than refill it<br />- the top shallow pocket was useless. items would fall out of it easily.<br />- the bag is soft, it'd just fold on itself all the time. we prefer backpacks that are a bit more rigid. everything would just pile up into a mess at the bottom.<br />- the pockets aren't logically laid out. the smallest is in the front so you'd think the roomiest is in the back but it's actually the third pocket that holds the most. the final fourth pocket is a tiny one for keys and a cell phone but it took us a while to stop going into that one thinking it's the biggest.<br />- the shoulder straps are pretty uncomfortable. they're scratchy, not padded, and when the bag gets heavy with clothes and water bottles it gets downright painful to wear after a while. they pull somewhat awkwardly and i'd slide the bag partway off my shoulders to relieve the discomfort.<br /><br />this is not one of my best reviews, but i wanted to put it out there because there is a big gap between what we expected, and what we got."
the item was missing 1 out of 4 footing triplets and it had a lot of grease or oil on the footing pieces that i had to clean with dawn soap before it came off.  the pieces also come lose very quick
"Very cute toy but baby does not like the pacifier. The pacifier is the soothie type they use in hospitals, which never stays in her mouth. So this purchase is useless."
"This would be a great toy/paci if my baby had any interest in it whatsoever... however, she does not. I have seen so many other babies with these, but mine finds it useless as either toy or paci."
It was good at the beginning but then it started to rip so I had to throw it away after like a week or so.
"i can't recommend this product, particularly if you live in an arid environment such as the desert. this does not keep the wipes moist. i have had better results from other travel dispensers. save your money."
"the first time my grandson heard the sound of the flush and the song of congratulations, he was totally terrified and won't go near the thing. i turned off the sound but he still won't go near it. what seemed really cute turned out to be a disaster.  my advice to the fisher-price is to have a volume control knob or at least turn down the sound. most children are not all hard of hearing. one positive is that the blue lift-off seat fits very snug and secure into the adult toilet seat. i think that my grandson will be using that before he ever goes near the potty."
"product is basic. it works for what we need. i ordered dark blue and was sent light blue.. got a very obnoxious, borderline rude email from sender insisting on giving her a 5 star review.."
is very large will not fit a 3 month old or newborn.  also has faint odor of dog or something else.  probably sized for a 9-12 month old. hat looks well made.  blanket very loose and probably as pictures.  i just didn't looks close enough. i won't be able to use either one.
"these are made for giants. seriously, the pads are so, so big. they also don't stick well. why make a pad that's huge but then have only one sticky piece on it?"
"my two-week old son loves to have some kind of noise on and he sleeps very well with such. however, this &#34;sound machine&#34; is not close to being loud enough for him to hear clearly. there is a manual volume adjustment knob, but even with it turned all the way up, it is merely a soft noise. you can hear it clearly when it's silent and he is already drifting off to sleep (which completely defeats the purpose). the design and construction is great, but the volume is my only problem. it is a cute and very soft animal, which is the only reason i'm keeping it, since i hate dealing with returns. overall, i regret my decision to buy this, as i never would spend $35+ on just a stuffed animal. i have already purchased a separate sound machine in hopes that it will do a better job."
"a good snack plate, but it's inability to be microwaved made it useless for us for now. the non skid is nice, and all in all it is a good product-- but we won't be able to use them until the kids eat solid foods which is a bummer."
my toddlers can open the lid which defeats the purpose of the special bowl.  i am very disappointed because i thought they would be a better investment than they were.  waste of money.  the old design was much better (the twist and lock).
"It was a great replacement for the Gerber (6-12 months), that is not being sold at any stores or online. After 3 weeks it became sticky and we had to trash it. For the price we expected it to last longer. Also when its dropped it blends with the hardwood, rolls around and lands under a piece of furniture 6 or 7 feet away. Not so great if the baby is crying and you have to crawl around looking for it."
"Tried 3 different pacifiers although these were good quality and received what was ordered, my baby doesn't like these. The best so far is Nuk"
"the mesh bag itself is great for holding bath toys. however, the suction cups won't stick to anything. i've tried several different surfaces and can not get them to stick."
"this product is great in theory, and it was while it worked. the problem is it only worked for four months. it is now past the return period and i'm stuck with it. the projector started working intermittently after only a couple of months and now the sound shuts off without warning while on the continuous mode, waking up the baby."
ghosting when movement goes across screen<br /><br />this has delayed video footage. compared to summer infant dual view this wasn't &#34;real time&#34; definitely delayed. very weird since it was more expensive and its a motorola.<br /><br />we actually got a system too and this was the extra and the camera that came with system didn't work out of the box. screen showed purple hue and green on parent unit. after that we decided no way - we bought an updated summer infant monitor like the original summer infant one we had 5 years ago.<br /><br />now we have two summer infant systems and both work great - no delay and great image.<br /><br />try them out side by side and i guarantee you will not purchase this video monitor.<br /><br />good luck!<br /><br />here is what we kept (tried 5 monitor systems and bought another summer infant):<br />http://www.amazon.com/summer-infant-digital-color-monitor/dp/b00eu5al8w
"Not worth it.  If they get direct sunlight for awhile during the day they glow brightly but not for long.  By the time my daughter has her night wake up (3-4 hours after we close the blinds) they're not glowing at all, so by the time I need them they're done.  Will not waste my money on these next time and will stick with the regular MAM pacis."
"unlike others, i don't have a problem with the outlet covers. they fit very snug in our outlets. my problem is the cabinet/drawer locks. you cannot get these in drawers! and if you putt with any force they come right open. my 2 year old can easily get into the cabinets we put them on! so only 2/3 of these products worked for me, buy at your own risk."
"Maybe because we first bought the puppy & kitty WubbaNub first, but this bunny just isn't quite as nice. The puppy & kitty are both floppy with heavy beans in the feet - perfect for staying in place on baby so the pacifier doesn't fall out. This bunny is too stiff & light, the feet don't hug the baby and the pacifier is easily pushed out of the mouth or falls to either side. Not super impressed. Also it looks more like a sheep with long ears than a bunny."
"i bought this for dr. brown bottles as well as medela pump bottles and parts.  let's just say, i still have it and haven't actually used it.  the holes are too big for the membranes and yellow plugs on the pump parts.  and you can't really fit that many bottles in there either.  i think i wasted my money for trying to find something for pump parts but kept it for future things like sippy cups, etc."
they don't block the smell as good as the expensive blue ones.
"I loved this for my baby in the beginning, since it really helped the paci stay in her mouth when swaddled.  Then one day I had her in the bouncy chair while I was getting ready and heard a gurgling noise.  She had one of the legs down her throat making her gag, then threw up all over herself.  I was so thankful I was standing there and wondered how dangerous it could be for babies left unattended.  I'm surprised there aren't more negative reviews about this product, as I feel it's highly chokable."
"The snap that holds this on to whatever you attach it to is very weak. The very first time I used it, it went missing immediately. Found it lying in the driveway when we got home. I guess it got bumped and fell off between the house and the car. It's a great little pouch, but unsnaps and falls off too easily!"
My baby didn't really like the pacifier but I like the ides of it being attached to a toy!
"It Doesn't hold much stuff insid..it's suitable for not more than 4 bottles with their accessories.<br />It doesn't dry 100% as well even after 60 minutes program and an overnight stay inside the sterilizer.<br /><br />I f you imagine its a magic all in one solution for your little one's bottols ,I think you should think twice ,because you may be wrong."
"I was so excited to try these, but my son won't take them. I thought since I was breastfeeding he'd like that these flex like a breast when sucked, but he doesn't care about that at all. The size and shape of the nipple deems a bit odd to me, and I suspect it's what he doesn't like. The only pacifier he'll take is the soothie. Save yourself some money and buy a pack of those. If your baby doesn't like them, then start trying out others. I wish I'd done that before I'd spent $7 on these."
"I liked the idea, but my daughter won't take them"
"My baby can't keep it in his mouth.  I think the nipple profile is too thin/weird.<br />What was really cool, though, was the sanitizing box it comes in!"
Too big for age marked.
the images rub off very quickly.. we had for about a month and couldn't even tell what they were supposed to be anymore. i bought these solely for the crown and castle.
"so they didn't come with instruction so i had a hard time turning them on until i realized they turn on in water. after my first use i wasn't able to them then of either wish led to them burning out, and even rusting from inside because i guess the water leaked in. they size look pretty for a short time, and they are cute and tiny but over all annoying let down..."
"These pacifiers didn't work for us; unfortunately our breastfed baby would not accept these pacifiers and repeatedly spat them out. We had better luck with Nuk pacifiers, which have a nipple with a flattened bottom. These may work better for bottle fed babies who are accustomed to this nipple shape."
One pacifier was received with a hole in the center of it. Had to throw it away. Make sure to check these pacifiers good. One had a hole the other one was fine. My LO was not happy with the holy one. Lol.
"was awesome for about 5 months, then the battery life was gone. didn't charge, or hold a charge. would turn off immediately after unplugging. it always has to be plugged in, which renders it pointless for any activity other than laying in bed yourself. buy a cheaper one if thats all you're looking to do. if you wanna be more active during naps or after an 8pm bedtime, don't buy this one at all."
Really cute however I normally like these cause of the flexability between the animal and the pacifier part. But this one didn't have much of a gap between the to so she can't control it well.
"i ordered this when planning a picnic for my husband over valentine's day weekend. i really like the chevron pattern and neutral colors, and it is easy to pack up. however, while the material is waterproof, it's not soft or comfortable, and it reminds me of heavy duty tarp that crackles whenever i shift around on it. plus, the size is too small for two adults to lay out on. i had also bought the 5x7' jj cole blanket at the same time, and i like that much more because the material's a lot softer and the larger size is great. so i've decided to return the skip hop one."
disappointed in this product. the material is thin and offers hardly any cushion (as claimed in the product name). the neoprene and velcro are nice quality but the padding is non-existent. it is truly a shame because this is exactly what we were looking for in terms of size and it fit nicely on the britax car seat. more padding needs to be added.
"I love the idea of a pacifier that pops closed when it hits the floor, and it does seem to do this very well...<br /><br />My only issue with this pacifier is that the plastic on the back of the pacifier is so cheap that it cracked very quickly - making it so that we had to take off the 'wings' that flip over the pacifier... and basically had to use it as a really strange 'normal pinky'."
"This gate is very flimsy. In addition, the metal parts are bright white and the vinyl material is beige. It doesn't look anything like the online picture. The actual item is kind of ugly and I definitely wouldn't want it in my home. I returned it.  Update: The supplier did offer to either send me another product or refund my money (I took the refund) and did not require me to return the product (it did have some scratches, etc. on it). Great customer service. I gave them an extra star for that."
"My son didn't really take to these. I wanted a soft pacifier to give him while he fell asleep and he never liked the soothie pacifier shape. I didn't like the feel of these, they had a &#34;sticky&#34; feel. Any tiny bit of fuzz stuck to these. I thought they'd be a smoother silicone like a soothie."
"this is not a bad box, but it is really way too big. i realize i should have checked the dimensions listed, but it is about twice as big as any sandwich you would ever make for a kid.  therefore it doesn't fit in a lunchbox, and any standard kid's sandwich is going to slide around and get messy.<br /><br />so my negative review isn't so much for the quality of the product, but for the fact that they are marketing this as a &#34;sandwich&#34; container for kids...when it is not an appropriate size for a kids sandwich."
"I wanted to love these pacifiers because of the 100% natural rubber and all the health benefits of this brand... Yet, this product is a suffocation risk to my newborn as the 0-6 month size covers his nostrils completely when it's in his mouth. My baby is now 8 weeks old (fitting into 3 month clothing) and this is still a problem. Natursutten - please change the design or don't sell these for newborns - or even three month olds."
My baby did not take this pacifier after using MAM and the gummy... It's a hit or miss with babies I guess. I wish that these had worked they are so darn cute
snaps broke 1st wash. inserts are very absorbent. but the cover is super cheapy.
"I like the product and had better experience with it before. However, this specific purchase got ruined the first time it was in a sterilizer thus wasn't used at all. Bummer."
"worked like a charm for the first month, but then quickly started bursting sections.  this is not meant to last.  only used with light weight lunch, nothing, heavy, so i would think it would last longer."
night vision doent really work and you can hardlt see the image with the light on
Great pacifiers. Selection wasn't so great though. Gave me all sports themed and I have a little girl and we don't do sports lol. Guess we will just use these at home
"These pacifiers are my least favorite in the MAM line.  The silicone around the outside became discolored almost immediately.  Even after having been cleaned and sterilized, they remain dirty looking.  My kid chewed more on the &#34;knob&#34; on the front (so much that the paint came off) rather than the silicone teething edges."
these bottles have an inner nipple which takes up a lot of valuable real estate in the dishwasher.  they also became discolored after awhile.  i was not impressed with these bottles at all and ended up switching to the tommee tippee bottles which i like much better.
"the replacement is great, but for the love of everything that's holy, why do breast pumps in 2014 still require so many parts to keep track of? can't we move to better ux for breast pumps already?"
dont stick very good
"seems like a great design due to being lightweight and compact.  but unfortunately, i found it flimsy and hard to use.  the strap's ratchet would slip instead of making one last click that would have perhaps tightened it enough to prevent the flexing and wobbling that made me less than confident about putting my son in the seat and running through an airport with him in tow.<br /><br />tried the unit on both our chicco nextfit and britax frontier 90.  both seats were not stable enough.  returned the mini travelmate and ordered a more substantial setup from britax that worked on both our seats, and was much easier to install/remove because it leverages the seat's latch connectors."
"i wanted to like this. it was cute and flame retardant free (i believe). the tail frayed right away (will wash ok as my babes spit up a lot). its quite small. should be a bit larger, but man was this so expensive for something that doesnt really function the way i'd like.<br /><br />i cannot reccomend this, even though i wanted badly to."
"battery life really sucks. i do find a dedicated screen are much better than the growing tendency (cameras that connect to your mobile phones/tablets), however it is a shame that the battery life of this device is so small. we literally had to keep it plugged for the night because we are afraid it would not last the night and we would not hear our son cry. definitely needs some improvements. aside from that, the screen size is the best. night vision is also great and the ability to control the camera is also a great addition. very wide angle of adjustments."
Just got these in the mail. I ordered these specifically because I loved the color and bird design. But I received completely different binkies. So they aren't the design I wanted but they do still glow in the dark.
Great idea but my son never used it
Way too big of a nipple. It gags my baby. Great material and love the concept. Wish it was smaller. Hold it up to other brands and it's twice as big!
I had the monkey. Worked perfectly and stood with baby. Giraffe's neck is too flimsy so it's harder for baby (and mom) to use.
"Cute. But i wish i would have known that you can't take it off the pacifier. If i would have known that then i would not have bought this. I think that's a very greedy move, by the company, to make these that way. I won't be buying another. Im sorry i bought this one."
"The pacifiers were fine, but I ordered one's that showed boy colors & I got pink & purple! I know it says colors may vary, but at least get the gender right!"
this was ok but the dark brown monkey is much better
Good brand of but i guess the nipple is to flat in soft so. My baby will not suck on them waste of my money
"Takes way too long give the temp.  Also the nipple is too long so my son really didn't like using it, even though he is a pacifier junky.  Would be a great idea if they fixed my issues."
"it's very cute and looks exactly like the pictures. however, it is not easy to hang up the wall art or diaper stacker because the ties aren't long enough. and, even more disappointing, after i washed the blanket for the first time, the stuffing inside of it got all bunched up. now it is lumpy."
i will not recommend if you have over a 65 inch opening. the gate is pretty heavy and good quality. one of the plastic pieces that just fill in a space was cracked. we have exactly 72&#34; opening and we are going to have to add wood on each side to accommodate the gate because i want to make it work. i can't find anything like this other than one of those folded ones which are very expensive.
"quality product that is strong. i like that kids can't just pull it out, however, neither can myself or my husband without a lot of work. it's so hard to get these out of the outlets."
It's ok. My daughter didn't seem to like it but it's cute
worked sorta. but as new parent you just learn to have a diaper handy to catch rogue pee.
"I have two of these seats, so bought two of the straps. After carrying the seats through two airports, the clip on one strap broke.  They also never sat right on my shoulder and became unbearable to carry after a while.  I recommend getting a luggage cart and a couple of bungee cords rather than these."
"With so much going on with the baby shower I didn't open this until the day of. You have to cut out all of the pacifiers by hand and adhere tape to them. I wish the description would have said so. The blindfold broke, we fixed it, then it broke again. The elastic band is only wrapped around a small cut in the thin cardboard. If you bought this at the dollar store it would be worth the money but, otherwise, you'd be better off printing off your own items."
"i'm not too impressed with these buti-pods. one arrived with a tear on the seam and overall it doesn't seem like they'll last very long. also, the zipper doesn't slide too easily, and often times requires two hands, which can be difficult when trying to juggle a baby and everything else that goes along with one."
"these are cute and colorful.  there is a chip of plastic missing on the lip of the cup, which is greatly disappointing (and i couldn't return it due to it being a christmas present from santa).  i'm not sure how well the image will hold up with actual use and washing, so i recommended that my child use it in their play kitchen as play dishes.  also, i just found it at walgreen's for $5.99 regular price, so i paid twice as much.  my five year old is more than happy with it, so that's what matters."
None available.
way smaller than i thought. company did replace the first item that broke.  but was hoping to use at the park for my daughter to be able to move around and play in. this is not for that!!
"this product does serve the purpose it's intended to serve.  but, having a growing 9 month old whose curiosity grew with her, our baby was able to pull this product off very easily.  i blame this on the adhesive not being strong enough, but at the same time, if it were stronger, it might damage the furniture.  so, i'll pick my battles and just say that i wouldn't recommend this product for not being strong enough to stand up to a baby's natural desire to explore with their hands."
"i suppose the necklace is pretty cute, but this is the new alchemy. sure, baltic amber is a mild analgesic, but there's no reliable evidence to suggest that it can be absorbed through the skin in such a way as to have any impact on teething pain. if you enjoy reading tea leaves, have at it."
"doesn't stay latched and is flimsy, i wouldn't trust this to keep an actual child safe. i bought it to keep my old dog from going down stairs."
"Didn't really help us with keeping the pacifier in. Maybe would work better with a younger baby, we started using at about 3 months old. The item is cute though and as described."
"I'd seen these all over getting great reviews. My son hates them! They are extremely large and bulky compared to regular pacifiers. It's very hard for him to keep it in as he has to suck so much harder due to the weight, so he just spits it out."
I didn't like the vanilla scent to use for the baby. The scent is pretty strong and I had to return unfortunately..
if sitting the cup pressurizes and send milk up and out the straw. if you don't catch it in time you will find a puddle of milk in your diaper bag or car seat. also the handles have a small notch they need to click into. if this isn't done the cup leaks at the collar. not to mention the ears cause a small cavity that can be a pain to clean inside the cup. if my wife hadn't of bought so many of them and my daughter loves them i would throw every last one away.<br /><br />why not one star? cause it's a cheap sippy cup. really what was i expecting?
"two stars due to leak... let me start by saying that this sprayer is phenomenal for rinsing soiled cloth diapers. it is an easy install with handy shut-off valve that prevents accidental sprayings and mischief from the older kids in the house. good pressure and spray pattern make quick work of an otherwise messy task. we made one ourselves for the first kid using a sink sprayer and several adapters; no comparison here, the osocozy is far superior and worth the extra $$. please read on!<br /><br />more on the leak... ours had a small drip almost immediately. over 2 months the drip has developed into a steady stream running out of the base of the sprayer whenever the valve is open. just ordered a replacement; luckily amazon provides a full refund for returned items and we beat the cut-off for a restocking fee."
"In theory this is a great product. Yeah, babies suck on Pacifiers. However, my son could tell this wasn't a regular paci. He would not keep it in his mouth and kept throwing it at me. It might work better if the temperature was instant and they only had to suck it a minute. It seems to take way to long to register.<br /><br />I have tried several different thermometers for my son. The forehead one works... if your kid never moves.<br />The paci works, if your kid never moves and will keep it in his mouth.<br />The rectal one works.... if your kid never moves or farts.<br />The best one is an ear thermometer. Yes, your kid will move, but these are fast. One second in, and out. That's it. Temp taken. Tylonal given. Baby better. End of story.<br /><br />Don't waste your money on this, until it's improved. Again, good idea in theory. But I don't think the people that made it ever had a child."
"the corner design works well in our bathtub, but the suction cups do not stay in place no matter how carefully you place them, and we have a regular tub and surround, no fancy or unusual materials."
nice bag and loved the fact it was made in usa big problem is the zipper. there is a gap between the end and the closure. i would not recommend this for anything that could spill crumbs or that could dry out.
the plastic around the frame is all scratched up and damaged.  the actual frame even has some scratches on it.  looks like it's been through the ringer and it's supposed to be brand new.
i guess you get what you pay for. i honestly think that the $14.99 price is asking too much for the quality of this product. the wood was very cheap and cracked very easily. the adjustment was either too tight or too loose and didn't fit in either place i tried to place it. i did give it 2 stars as i received this product very quickly. i returned this product the next day.
"Product gets water and saliva in the sucking part.  Not sealed well.  Had to throw it away for fear of some kind of bacterial infection that could possibly grow inside of it, then being ingested by child.  Health risk I did not wish to take chances with.  Other than that, it was a funny novelty product."
this will not work with all jugs!......better to get the screw on....that will be more universal
we have gone through so many lids cracking and breaking.  we've only lost one bottle ever; but have lost 4 lids due to cracking/splitting.
"worked well for first 2 months. then, started to alarm in the middle of the night, which scared my husband and i. thought our son was not breathing..well it was a malfunction because it would alarm while we were holding him in our arms. i sent back because of the defect, and the company did testing for 14 days. they said there was no malfunction, and would send me back the snuzago. i asked for a refund or a replacement, but had no luck. they do not test on real babies, just some kind of simulated motion to mimic a baby. i refuse to put this unit back on my baby, as it is defective. anyone in the company would not use it as well, i am sure.  it is not reliable, and wakes both my baby and us up at least once a night. it worked well for 2 months, but totally not worth $89.99 for 2 months. terrible customer service."
"these were pretty pointless, although a great idea, its hard to fill them and hard to clean them and they didn't last very long."
"the product it's self works fine but my product had to be shipped twice due to the first time it supposedly ended up in a different state.then once i received the product after it was shipped  again,it's not the color i chose."
"these dont work as well as the brand name ones, they unroll way too easily. spend the extra couple bucks on the real thing!"
"Product came so late, I needed for baby shower and it came after baby was born lol"
"My son had absolutely no interest in this pacifier.  I love penguins and I love the thought of having a pacifier that closes when it falls to keep it clean...but given my son won't use it, I am giving it 2 stars based upon the product in theory!  Playing around with it, it does generally close when I drop it.  It appears very bulky and uncomfortable in terms of being used by a baby as a pacifier.  The shell that closes over it makes it bulky and unappealing, I would imagine, for a baby to use.<br /><br />All in all, super cute but I don't recommend."
The snap comes open very easily so it is easy to lose. It fell off of my diaper bag about 4 times that I noticed and then the 5th time I don't know where it fell off. I only had it for about 3 weeks before I lost it.
"the product itself is wonderful but it came damaged.  i, was so disappointed as it was a baby shower gift"
"we've tried twice to help our baby pass gas with this and had better luck helping her spread her little tush. and the windi seemed to make our upset baby more... upset. but...it seems to help others. when you're baby is gassy/colicky you want to try anything! so, i wouldn't dismiss this product as it appears to work for some. i just want to help set expectations and share it wasn't a source of relief for our little one. good luck!"
We got these pacifiers from the stadium and my son only liked these ones. We lost one and knew we needed more so I ordered these. The symbol came off in less than one day. The one we have been using for months is still on there. He still enjoys them but it is a bummer the logo isnt on there.
"The fact that it was natural convinced me to buy it, but my baby didn't like it at all."
"The baby didn't like this one at all, and he's pretty non-discriminatory when it comes to such things."
"So disappointed with a recent order of these pacifiers. My newest baby had been using one from two years ago (2012) that my older child never used. We love the old oneturdy, thick, quality rubber, darker amber color, matte look/feel, perfectly molded. Though after 3 months of consistent use it has started to wear down/disintegrate. But this new 2-pack I just received is nothing like the ones from two years ago. They're cheap feeling, flimsy, thinner, shiny, the edges are ragged with extra rubber pieces. I'm so let down because we've loved our old Natursutten SO much! The old one is so rich looking. The new style is no better than the cheap ones from the grocery store. Sad."
very cheaply made.
"we initially liked this product a lot.  great for price point.  however, it started acting up within 6 months.  would beep with &#34;out of range warning&#34; constantly, despite being in the very next room.  we contacted levana and they had horrible customer service!  they gave us no option to fix or replace without just purchasing a whole new monitor.  needless to say, we won't be buying a monitor from them again."
I know it says colors vary.  Please make it so you can order based on gender.  These are very gender specific grouped binkies.  You either get &#34;boy&#34; ones or &#34;girl&#34; ones.  It would be nice to be able to select which ones you would like
they're ok. but one has already broken and i rarely use them.
i was going to use this in  a portable crib since there is only a padded board for it. this wasn't better than that! i found this to be too stiff and firm. i actually like the padded board better. i returned this and will look for one that is softer.
"if you have an older home, with moulding on your doors, dont get this. the door attachment is small and doesnt fit."
the rattle barely makes any noise.  it does have a semi-soft surround which is good for babies that are teething.  my daughter could care less about this rattle.
"A favorite with babies.  When they want their pacifier, they feel around for the animal and find it on their own."
my baby doesn't really like the shape and feel of these pacifiers ... they are too thin. Good thing the pacifiers come with covers
"so far i cannot figure out how to make it stick to the windows of my cr-v.  the size is right, but they will not stay on the window.  they stick to the windows in my husband's mazda with no problem."
I love that its all natural but my son wouldn't use it.
even though these are for newborns they are a little bit too long and my baby did not like them. She seems to gag and would always spit them out. As she gets older she might like them but right now we can't use them.
Cute and serves it's purpose but I hate that you can't detach the pacifier to clean/sterilize and have to buy a whole new set up once it is time for a new pacifier.  Kind of makes it a bit of a rip off IMO.  We went with a different brand you can detach.  :-P
"Loved these bags when they arrived. The small bag I used for binkies, the larger one for wet clothes and diapers. The drawstring doesn't work after on 2 washes. The small bag still works but I don't put it in the wash because I don't want it to break."
"The pacifier has a strong plastic odor, even after washing it several times. I don't think I'm going to give it to my baby!"
"while the audio and video quality are good, this camera just destroys my wifi signal in my house. i even bought a new wireless access point and mounted it closer to the center of our house thinking it could overcome the problem, but it still exists. i brings traffic to a halt for devices not even in t he same room as the camera or the receiver. i missed my window to return the product unfortunately, but i have purchased another audio-only monitor that operates below 2.4ghz to hopefully avoid this problem."
"i liked the same product in the smaller size for our baby.  this larger size fit our daughter's length well, but we could never wrap the arms tight enough to keep her from working her way out.  i ended up cutting a slit in the bottom of the small sized wraps we had instead.  this worked until she was able to turn over after which it is no longer safe to use."
this is more of a purple-pink than pink.  i had wanted pink and returned it.
"My newborn doesn't like these, but they are very popular with my friends' kids."
"i purchased these in hopes that it would really simplify pumping and feeding.<br /><br />the adapter is awesome, but if you get the blue cap box then you'll only receive one adapter. the white cap box has two adapters. i personally prefer two as i pump both breasts at the same time. but, i ordered two of these kits expecting to get two white cap kits and i received a white cap and a blue cap kit. not what i wanted.<br /><br />the lid and ring system is great and doesn't leak when it's stored as stated in the directions (lid down), but guess what? neither the white caps nor the blue caps work without leaking on the new playtex nursers that have the twist-n-click lock. i tested mine out various ways and they leak like crazy! in order for it not to leak, i have to remove the liner from the ring (with the milk still inside) and carefully transfer it to the bottle. then, use the bottle like normal.<br /><br />this will still save you from having to buy special liners just for breastmilk, as you can still pump directly into the drop-ins and use them. this system may work better with older style bottles, but it does not work well with the newest style bottles.<br /><br />i still plan on using this system, but unfortunately i can't use it the way i'd intended."
"In a nutshell -- don't waste your time with these.  1st - they are big, huge really, and they cause my son to drool - a lot - while sucking on them so that when I take it out of his mouth I have to wipe his face.  2nd - The glow in the dark part works for about 15 minutes.  I bought these hoping I wouldn't have to hunt around his crib in the middle of the night for his pacifier -- yep -- still hunting!  If your child already has another pacifier they like, do yourself a favor and either get the clip that attaches to their clothes...or buy more of the kind they already like."
sheet ripped the first time it was used. not even at the seam.
"did not stick to the wall......even tried to order more thinking maybe the next ones would be better, but no, doesn't stick to the wall ...."
"it's really hard to find decent mini-crib bedding so my husband i took advantage of this find. we weren't expecting the best quality but when we opened the package, we realized that the sheet set may shrink after washing and not fit our 2&#34; mini-crib mattress. and of course, our suspicions were absolutely correct when they came out of the wash. we still use the mattress pad and the changing table pad. the sheet we use as well as a receiving blanket or when laying our little one down the bed or sofa, but since we don't use the pieces for the purpose it was intended, i have to rate this purchase down."
Actually my daughter Didn't really like these. But then infants can be very choosy!!!!
Didn't work for my daughter.  &#34;Nipple&#34; made her gag.  Not necessarily due to this particular pacifier - she night just be too young to take to pacifier s in general (6 weeks).
"my son really likes the pacifier and wouldn't take any other one, BUT it became very sticky after 4 weeks of using it. they are pretty expensive to replace every month"
I had two pacifiers that looked like this and I wanted an extra pair for my diaper bag. Though this one doesn't have space for the nose to fit so it bumps every time he tries to use it and it falls after a few seconds.
Didn't like that you can't adequately sterilize the pacifier without getting the plush wet or steamed.  Will be looking at the other brands that offer the ability to remove the pafi and interchange with a teether.
we mounted on a double jogging stroller. it was well made and sturdy but could not fold to fit in our gmc acadia with the 3rd row.  this would work fine in a bigger suv like a suburban.
works great!  baby slept perfect. !
"I thought this was a cute product. My baby was too old though (6 months) and used to pacifers I had given earlier, so she didn't take to this."
"Though there is nothing to indicate it in the description, the pacifiers we received were vanilla scented. We did not notice until baby started using them. We have used the soothie pacifiers before and they were unscented. If there are scented and unscented versions this should be clearly indicated."
"Cute, but I hardly use it.  Actually, it just seems to take up space in the diaper bag."
"Cool idea, but our little babe won't keep it in her mouth long enough for it to work properly."
this static cling was hard to position. was also nearly impossible to apply evenly and looked absolutely horrible from the outside. static clings work great in permanent installations but are not the best choice of attachment in this application.
"design (handles, spout)? good.  colors? good.  size?  good.  durability??  well...i'm going to go with a whopping pathetic on that one, since the cup shattered on its very first use after my toddler casually knocked it off her highchair onto the floor.  shortest lived cup in the history of sippy cups, and that's really saying something.  note to self: look for &#34;shatter-proof&#34; on description for any further purchases."
"I had high hopes for this, but our son doesn't like it at all.  It's a pain to clean, and the basic soothies beat this hands down."
"MAM pacifiers are the best for our baby. I liked this design (clear with fish and blue with sailboat) and not seen it anywhere else. However, that is not what I received. The designs I received were green with turtle and blue with ?flower/butterfly. Disappointed only because of the designs. Other than that these MAM pacifiers are the best for our baby."
"this cup is awful.  for starters, there is a tiny hole at the top of the cup that allows for liquid to fall out when my 17-month old toddler gets a hold of it.  it took all of 5 minutes for her to tip it upside down (as she does with her zoli bot), and liquid to free flow out of the straw, and this tiny hole.  it is not leak proof.  sure, it's cute, but it's not functional, nor should it be labeled so.  what a rip off!  i will stick to my zoli cups!"
these are not the gerber first essentials pacifiers. they are slightly smaller and have a different package. better suited for less up to 2 months of age
"its ok, smaller and cheaper looking than expected, i wouldn't buy it again if i had a chance to see it in real life."
"I will start by saying that I've generally been very happy with this monitor over the year I've owned it. It's the third monitor I purchased, and by far the best.<br /><br />The reason I'm only giving 2 stars is because of Motorola's customer service problems. In the last couple months, the power button has stopped working consistently. I sent an email to support@motorolamonitors.com (the address listed on their site), and it bounced back. I tried again a few days later. Again, it bounced back. I called the customer support line. Nobody ever answered.<br /><br />Leaving aside the question of my broken power button, I find it unsettling that a baby monitor manufacturer doesn't have a functional customer support infrastructure. This is not a mom & pop shop, after all, but a giant multinational corporation. And they don't have a working email address?<br /><br />The first monitor I owned was the Angel Care baby sound monitor -- their customer service was the complete opposite. Personal, prompt, helpful. If that monitor had offered video I would have stuck with it forever."
"i purchased this product less than three months ago for my twins who were beginning to crawl and pull to stand.  the panels served their purpose initially.  however, the knobs used to tighten the joints at the top have started falling off.  even more troubling is the fact that when the knobs unexpectedly fall off the top, small sharp screws fall out of an opening from the bottom opening of the joint.  we found three screws on the floor, seriously hazardous if swallowed, before we figured out what was happening and put the whole thing out of commission.  cannot recommend."
"I love how adorable these are and that they are attached to the pacifier sent home with us from the hospital but I was really disappointed to find out there is no way to separate the two. Separating them may not seem like a big deal, I understand it a safety thing, but until you get a bout of thrush and need to disinfect anything and everything that has ever touched the inside of your child's mouth this then becomes totally impractical."
"Totally thought I'd give these a shot, but I'm here to tell you the novelty has worn off.  Don't buy these.  The glow doesn't last long enough to really do anything.  You're better off using a regular pacifier."
"I didn't notice that the colors may vary.  I thought I would be receiving green, blue, and orange pacifiers for my SON.  Instead, he got purple and pink pacifiers.  Lucky him!  Yes, he uses them, and yes, he's been called a girl by strangers when they see it!  I don't want to get into stereotypes, etc., really, but if you want a specific color, don't order this."
"Way to big for a baby! Maybe okay for an older 12mths or so baby! Very big, looks smaller on line then actually is! I'm not sold on this."
Not what I excepted. I kept them but I got better made ones at Walmart for cheaper! Too small to really hold a days worth of inserts
My baby didnt like them therefore I cant give them a good review. But if you want to buy them its okay nothing was wrong with them.
"My son will only use the Soothie Pacifiers but the pacifiers in this pack are much more stiff than the ones that we have purchased locally (all 3+ months) and because of it, he will not suck on them."
"My baby is 3 months old. She has 3 Wubs, and the striped cat and the purple bunny are GREAT. However, the pacifier on the caterpillar is too floppy and it doesn't stay in her mouth the way the others do, and there is no chance of my baby being able to get it back in her mouth if it falls out. I really, really like the other two she has. I thought this one would be fun for her because of the textures and legs, but she just doesn't like it. I will keep trying it, because it may be better when she is a little older and her motor skills develop more."
The nipple is quite big for my 3month old's mouth. I was hoping the shape would be a little more round.
"the box is nice, good color, roomy and closes correctly BUT the hanger is so soft it is easy to loose it, pacifier AND its box.."
These seem great but they fall off of everything then pop open to drop the pacifier. It's a great idea but poor design. I ordered three and got all the same colors. :( Ended up selling them at a yard sale... With a warning for 50 cents. :( Don't bother. better ones out there.
The concept of the Wubbanub is great however the product is cheaply made and my baby prefers his plain old soothie. We introduced the Wubbanub when he was 3 weeks and he already moved his head too much for it to stay in place. Every time he moved his  head the animal stayed in place and his paci  popped out of his mouth.
"My son can't keep this paci in his mouth.  He sucks on it if I hold it in his mouth, but he can't get enough suction to keep it there himself.  I bought it for him when he was about 3 months old, but I think he may have already been ready for a bigger size.  He loves his Nuk orthodontic paci, so we might just stick with those."
A hot with the mommy to be and was worth the baby shower laughs. Go for it ! It's fun and creative to have women and men trying to put the paci on the baby.
"There was nothing wrong with these, and I think they're so cute! But our son couldn't hold onto them. We had better luck with NUK and MAM."
"This is a great idea, but my son is not too fond of it, and either am I.  it seems a little heavy and the sides don't stay down.  I more than likely would not buy again."
These are the only pacis my daughter will take but I bought these specific ones because I liked the pattern and wanted something different then the ones she all ready had and ofcorse they sent me two packs of the wrong ones after reading reviews I see this is an ongoing problem. Someone needs to get there eyes checked.
It's a cute idea but the rubber used to make the moustache is waaaaaaay too heavy for the binky. My son can't keep it in his mouth.
"Bought this for my friend's baby shower. It came in a long plastic bag with a cardboard strip on top. Looks like something you would get at a carnival. Also looks smaller in the picture but after thinking about it, you want it to be small for a child to hold. Also, the texture looks more fluffy in the pic than it does in reality and the pacifier looks like it could detach from the lamb. I don't think this would be harmful to a child. Just doesn't look well made. Probably won't buy again."
"I don't like it. I bought this because it was a great price,  it was not a original packaging but a  wrapped in plastic.It's  a rough packaging."
"i would pass on this gate. there are vastly better gates out there many of which cost less. this one for example i would highly recomend<br />http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b006umub92/ref=oh_details_o07_s00_i00?ie=utf8&psc=1<br /><br />i bought this gate for the top of the stairs because the specs and reviews seemed to indicate it would work well for that. initially i was impressed with how it attached to the stairs as i will state in the pros<br /><br />pros<br />- the way it attaches to the stairs is actually among the best i have seen of any gate. most of my friends have to jury rig their gates with 2x4 to get them to work on steps. this gate attaches to the banisters very easily and snugly.<br /><br />cons ?there are a lot<br />- i am unable to open this gate with one hand. i am 6??it is not because i am weak. you have to both unlatch the gate and lift it, but you cannot put enough force on the gate at the latch. you have to lift closer to the hinge.<br />- the instructions are hard to read and not very clear<br />- the screws it comes with are not nearly long enough, plan on needing your own.<br />- the way the gate latches does not work very well. you have to lift the gate up an inch, carefully position it over a hole, and then lower it in the hole. this seems easy, but it is not. it has a top and bottom hole to latch too and it is very difficult to get it to latch into both at the same time. other gates also are able to catch the gate when it is near the latch making latching them very easily. this gate does not have that.<br />- this one is very annoying. the gate extends to fit various size openings, but there is no way to lock it to a specific length. so basically every time you open the gate you end up changing the gate length and have to resize it again.<br /><br />in the end i had to duct tape the gate to keep it at one length, i broke off part of the latch to i could latch it with one hand, and i broke off the bottom latch. the gate is still strong and my daughter will not be able to open it, but it should just work.<br />this is also my 5th or 6th gate install so i know what i am doing.<br /><br />i only give this two stars because the banister attachments are quite good, just everything else is bad."
"it takes a while to figure out the process of filling this humidifier. once that is done, it kind of works fine but the design is such that it is very easy to spill water and our unit started leaking after several weeks of use."
i thought these looked like cute burp clothes but they came and they are not great. it would cost more to send them back so we kept them. didn't work well for spit up so we used them on our changing table... i would not recommend them.
"i waited for my 3 month old to fall asleep before attempting to use this ink pad to always and forever remember his little tootsies... that was the easy part. stamping his foot was relatively easy, too. the print was dark and solid. much of the detail was lost, though. bummer. oh well, on to the next print (it states the pad may be used a few times before ink is used up). this time, i was going to stamp his little hand... the print wasn't nearly as dark, but there was all the detail i was looking for! all his little creases, wrinkles and finger prints! one problem, though... the previous attempt at his footprint transferred... my perfect little handprint now had his (less than) perfect little footprint right in the middle of it! ugh! i'll buy a real ink pad locally and try again. good thing i only paid about $5!!"
I was surprised that this item came in a paper envelope.  No plastic bag or sealing of any kind.  Not sure I want to put this in a babies mouth.  Will just use as a joke and a novelty in the babies room.
"It is cute but to top heavy for a baby to keep in their mouth.  Bad idea, even if it is a novelty."
"A glow in the dark pacifier is a great idea, but these only glow for a few minutes after you turn the lights off.  If you go in to the nursery at 3 a.m. you're to going to be able to see it.  Also, they aren't really reversible (top and bottom are different sizes), so that makes these even worse for nighttime use."
"Bought these for my 2 year old, within a few weeks the Logo/paint starting to flake off.  After only a month I pitched them because I was getting more concerned about how easily the paint was coming off, get something else/safer."
not what i thought... but good quick service.
"Nothing against the older size pacifiers, but we bought these when our daughter turned 4 months thinking &#34;oh she is older now and should have the older size&#34; - not so. She is 8 months now and still hates the older sizes. FYI, the nipples aren't larger, but firmer."
"this item was very overpriced for the quality.  there were clumps of glue, the eyes are crooked, and the whole thing seems rather shoddily made."
"i bought these to machine embroider and decorate them as burp clothes. they are so thin and not well made, very crooked stitching and fabrics pulls and stretches.. they might be ok as diapers but not for what i wanted."
I wish this plush toy could accommodate other pacifiers. My little one doesn't like the one attached and there is no way to take it off and replace it with another kind (or clean it).
"My boyfriend bought this for our four-month old since we wanted one that would stay cleaner and more sanitary.  This one has the plastic cover that folds like a clam shell cover the chewy rubbery part when she's not sucking on it but the problem is that when the plastic part is open it pushes the pacifier too far away from her face and she can't get a good hold on it in her mouth, so it almost always falls out right away.  I love the cute design on the front and the idea of the plastic cover but in the end the design does not work well for my baby."
These pacifiers are great when not purchased online. Picture may show blue and green but received pink and purple. I have a boy and pink and purple are of no use for us.
"This is very, very difficult to get open.  Not what you want to be struggling with when you have a cranky, teething child in public and the pacifier is stuck inside the container.  It would be a good idea otherwise, love that it can hang off the car seat or the diaper bag.  I thought it would break in and become easier, but it didn't.  After a few weeks it got tossed in the tupperware cupboard never to be used again.."
"the sound keeps going out on the monitor! our first monitor lasted a year. the second lasted six months. i was expecting to spend the large amount of money to purchase this product and have it last a little longer! very disappointed.  too much time has lapsed for me to return the product, so i either have to buy a new motorola (which i don't want to do given the record) or i have to buy a whole new system including multiple cameras (which i don't want to do since i've invested a bunch in motorola already).  i don't mind spending the money, i just want to get what i pay for!! so far i haven't!"
"had this lasted through even one child, i would have given it five stars.  it is nicely padded and i like the contour of the pad.  the problem is that my son wasn't even 16 months old before it started to tear in the center of the pad.  having the pad ripped, especially right in the area where the diaper is put on is not sanitary...now i need to buy another one.  if this was a $10 pad, that would be ok but for the price, it should last through at least one child.  i won't buy this brand again."
i bought this as part of a baby shower gift (beach theme nursery).  the bucket is much flimsier than it appears in the picture.
"i have several of the halo sleep sacks although this is the first &#34;early walker&#34; i ordered.  unfortunately the zipper broke and was inoperable after only a few washes and wears.  i am going to try and return through amazon and exchange b/c these are great products in general but disappointed in quality of this particular item.<br /><br />also, the leg holes seem like a good idea for my walking 1 year old, so he doesn't trip on the regular sleep sack with his legs tucked in.  however, his toes were ice cold when i picked him up out of bed.  of course i could put socks on him, but ended up just tucking his legs into the whole thing, making the leg holes kind of pointless.  think i'll just stick with the regular style sleep sack."
"it is what i wanted in the purpose.  using it for a puppy pen.  the screw joints are horrible, they do not screw down easy, you can barely get your fingers around.  we removed them completely, now the pen works like a champ.  the engineering on this item was something to be desired!!!!!  once it is up, without the screw-doles, it is easy to fold down and go, but, before removing the screws it would never have happened as easily as advertised.  also some of the panels plastic was warped like, it did not hurt the pen, but it is not a pretty thing looking at the warps."
"My son must have about 25 of these guys by now. He loves them all, but I wouldn't say equally. He has some he likes for bed, others for play, and a very few are loved so greatly they can do both. But this little bunny with her bright colors and fancy ears manages to be welcome in both his crib, or his stroller. Fancy that.<br /><br />This pacifier is the same amazing quality as all the others we've received. I'm sure &#34;Cora&#34; will be with us long after the pacifier has met it's end. I like the notion that giving up the pacifier when it's time will be a smoother transition since he can keep half of it. And really I think it's the half he loves most. We bought a mini pack in play and he doesn't like anything but his special wubanubs going in there. He puts them in, pets their back, and says &#34;Oh, babies&#34;. In fact the first time he said baby was when he was talking to his special friends, they're his babies. :)<br /><br />*UPDATE*<br />After using this pacifier for a short while the decorative stitching on her face has started to come undone. Her nose has almost completely unraveled. I have never had the problem with wubbanubs but this is upsetting. There needs to be better quality control, this is a baby toy. I bought my son the pink bunny for his Easter basket and I'm going to have to really check it over before giving it to him. He was so sad when his purple one &#34;got hurt&#34; and I'm pretty mad he was distressed by something so avoidable.<br /><br />*SECOND UPDATE*<br />As I mentioned above we bought this in both pink and purple. While the pink seemed solid at first the stitching on her nose started to unravel as well. We own close to 30 of these and these two are only ones to have issues like this (we had a penguin that came with a ripped pacifier but that's a different issue). Clearly the quality of this particular style is lacking. To have both come apart in the exact same way is really disappointing. I've fixed both noses myself but I should never have had to do that. For this reason I'm bringing this down to 2 stars down from my usual 5 for all my other wubbanub reviews.I'm bringing this down to 2 stars down from my usual 5 for all my other wubbanub reviews."
"So, first of all these say on amazon that they are made buy Hawaii Medical. When I got them, the packaging said they came from another maker. Besides that, these just weren't great pacifiers. My baby couldn't hold them in her mouth and kept accidently spitting them out. Also, the round shape really isn't good for breast feeding babies and could definitely cause some nipple confusion. I went back to using the MAM brand."
"Baby didn't like them , wouldn't stay in his mouth, was strange in the way it fit inti his mouth"
"Its a bit of a challenge to get 2 in here (Nuk brand). I do like the easy clean part, and holes that allow air to help it stay ventilated while wet. BUT it does fall off the bag. I've dropped it a couple times and now just put it in a side pocket of my bag, easy to find, but defeats the purpose of hanging it on the diaper bag strap."
these are very cute and small enough for a kid lunch. problem is when they are frozen and get dropped (which happens a lot with kids) the plastic isn't thick enough and it cracks and creates a hole. all three of these broke within four months. this would be a great product if they used a thicker plastic substrate.
"i was so excited to get this for my daughter because she loves silky blankets. first of all, it had a rip on the side. it was about the size of my entire index finger. secondly, it was super thin. and lastly, the material it was made out of, was horrible. my daughter kept pulling out the little strings and eating them. the only good thing was the silk was actually silky."
"the nipple collapses very easily when i wash it. i'm not sure if it collapses in my baby's mouth. to my surprise, my son accepted the pacifier and held it in his mouth for a few minutes, which was enough time to take some photos. it seems my son is selective in how long he wants to use this pacifier (which is not the case with his mam pacifiers, as he'll keep them in his mouth all the time) and i wonder if it's because the nipple collapses when he sucks on it. i give it 2 stars because it is funny when my son is using it, but it's just not made very well. definitely very overpriced."
"These are fine, but they actually have a top and bottom where the other ones we use, are dual sided. The &#34;bottom&#34; side of this if flipped over (as you know, you cannot explain the top/bottom concepts to a 12 month old), then it is not as easy for them to breath. I wouldn't say it impedes any breathing, but it doesn't have the same airflow. I like the other pacifiers we use better. I would not buy again."
"You read the headline.  Our baby likes the soothie pacifiers, but wont keep them in.  Gags on many.  Based on reviews, I thought that the WubbaNub would help.  In reality, I spent a ton for a dollar store quality stuffed animal sewed onto a pacifier that I already have a ton of.  I still have to hold it and she is usually not interested in it at all."
"Our son didn't seem to care for this for one reason or another, we aren't really sure but we think it has something to do with the way it is shaped."
Adorable but son will not keep it in his mouth so it;s never been used. Too bad because it's super cute and I like that it's silicone.
"My son prefers the MAM pacifiers, which is what earned all 3 stars here.  If I were just reviewing the MAM pacifiers, I would offer an enthusiastic 5 stars.<br /><br />My demerits are for the misrepresentation of product in the photos.  I placed my order based on the primary photo, which shows 1 clear & 1 red pacifier.  The boy has a mouthful of teeth already, so we only hang onto pacifiers for 6ish weeks & I thought the clear & red would be fun for the month leading up to Valentine's Day.<br /><br />Today I received a pink Punk Princess & a purple Girls Rock! pacifier.  Truth be told, I considered letting him use the purple Girls Rock! paci, because girls do, in fact, rock & I like the color purple.  But I'm not looking to emasculate my little man with anything princess, punk or not.  That's just not cool.<br /><br />In summary: change the photo, Amazon & send me the clear & red set, please."
"Binky Bear is VERY cute<br />He is fully stuffed and a pudgy soft ball of bear cuteness that happens to hold a pacifier<br />Binky bear's arms are proportional with what we expect from a teddy bear... that makes binky bear not so great for a binky<br /><br />I find the Bunnies by the Bay product to be infinitely superior because while many complain that they are under stuffed and not &#34;stuffed toy like&#34; enough, their long bendable under stuffed arms enable babies to contort their little under stuffed bodies and arms in ways that allow the pacifier to remain in babies mouth in ANY position<br /><br />Binky Bear's short little suboptimal arms mean that if your baby moves at all the binky is out...and we all know that is not a good situation."
"this stroller does not have 5 point harnesses, it seemed unsafe to us.  the seats are a little small too. it is long and light making it kind of east to tip over, and it was not that easy to open and close.  overall not a good fit for my family."
"I thought these would do the trick for my picky breastfed baby, but nope! That being said, I like the design of these the best out of any I've tried so far."
"this is an adorable toy, but beware - the two halves pull apart and snap together quite forcefully. little fingers and mouths can get pinched."
"these do not fit the (standard crib size) safety first heavenly dreams crib mattress, even though the product description says they will, judging by the dimensions listed. i do have a mattress pad as well, so that may be why, but i doubt it. i managed somehow to wrangle the sheets on one time, after much huffing and puffing, and they were so tight that the mattress started to bend upwards. i am aware crib sheets need to be snug, but that was a little much. carter's sheets were a much better fit."
the ball is very cute and soft. i don't like that there isn't any way to turn it off and you can't replace the battery.
i got these to wash my baby bottles and nipples. worked well in the beginning but fell apart within a week. the sponge eventually kept running away from the stick.  it would slide to the sides of the stick. eventually the only thing that goes into the nipple to clean is the end of the stick while the sponge was at the bottom out of its place. the bigger sponge must only work for born free bottles bec it was a bit too big to go in my avent and medela bottles. poor design. sponge itself was nice. waste of $$
"This is a nice idea for a baby; however, anything over $8 is too much to charge. Its cute but very cheaply made."
"This is the first binky that we gave our son and he's loved them every since. We tried to give him a different brand but he won't have anything to do with it.<br /><br />As other reviewers have mentioned, I wouldn't recommend getting these from amazon unless you want pink ones. Apparently &#34;colors may vary&#34; really means PINK."
lasted maybe a couple a weeks & then both mats ripped at the seams so easily<br />do not waste your money buying these
"I mainly purchased this, because I thought the animal portion would be weighted enough so that my son wouldn't keep spitting out and losing his pacifier. Unfortunately, the animal portion is lightweight and rather smaller than what I had anticipated. Also, my son didn't like the Soothie pacifier, so I basically have no use for this item haha. I think it would be nice if they made a doll with the option of attaching whichever pacifier you chose,"
the product don't have good condition!! the product comes with a little yellow color in all of plastics! this is not recomended to childrens
The trunk of the elephant made it really awkward to keep the pacifier in my son's mouth.  He liked his Longhorn wubbanub much better.
"breastfeeding for chesty girls is no joke! i bought this in the hopes of being able to bf modestly, but eventually gave up. i'd get so frustrated trying to manage my breast, my baby's head, and keeping this cover over everything. it was more trouble than it was worth. that said, the design was adorable and the little slider to remind you which side you left off on was a great idea. i wish i could have gotten more use out of this, but i think it needs to be about three feet wider in order to cover more chesty mamas."
"love the print on these but they leak like crazy! i loved them when we were using them because i was so excited to use cloth diapers and so excited about my baby that i didn't mind baby pee on me. i thought the leaks were normal. now that we are in regular sized diapers i know that the leaks were not normal. the seams around the legs seem like they are unfinished so that the inner fabric touches whatever baby is wearing or sitting on. so even if the diaper doesn't drip pee it will always seep it. some days (and often) baby went through a new change of clothes with every diaper change. the first time i just used one outfit all day long i thought it was a miracle. but no, thats how the diapers should work! i stripped the diapers and everything, but they always leaked. i currently use bigger size grovia diapers along with several other brands and don't have a leak problem. it is obviously specific to the make and fit of the newborn diapers. horrible.<br />we only bought grovia brand for the newborn sized diapers. we currently use several brands of one-size diapers. i highly recommend buying several brands of both newborn and one-size diapers. the one-size can be too huge on a newborn. its nice to have something that fits better for the first month or two. but grovia newborn diapers leaked like crazy for us. i'll try them again with baby two, but am definitely buying another brand's newborn diapers next time!"
the colors are great but the straps and handles leave much to be desired. the glue used in assembly is black and the workmanship is tacky. the bag has no structure to it. the size would be great if the zipper weren't recessed so far from the top limiting storage space.
"nice idea, not good for travel or 8oz dr browns bottles. works well to mix formula without or less bubbles compared to mixing when shaking a bottle to dissolve formula. however, if you want to pack this to go, the on/off switch protrudes out from the body of the mixer that it turns on easily if you try to place it in your diaper bag. also, as some reviewers have noted, this mixer does not reach to the bottom of the 8oz dr. browns bottles."
music box does not work.  witch also make the unit turn where broken on arrival.<br />the stuffed animals are good. that's all. good luck
Much larger than pictured and kid of looks like a toddler teething toy.  I sent it back. It could be cute for like a two year old but not much older than that.  It looks like a toy.
eh so it got here fast! thank you amazon.....the quality is not what i had expected coming from carter. the comforter is very thin and so are the sheets. it looks good but i'm concerned on how many times i'll be able to put it through the wash before i'm replacing it with a different set. if i had to do it all over again i would pick a different one. bummer cause it's pretty neat and simple unlike others i've came across. fortunately he won't be in a toddler bed for too long. this is definitely not a had me down.
"I had to give this only 2 stars because of the strong rubber smell. My 2 week old will take this paci but it really bothers me that it smell so strongly.  She prefers another brand that we bought to try as well.  That brand does not smell of rubber, even though it is made of the same material."
this was a great product at first but the music got fuzzy after a few weeks and then the light went out on the projector so i doesn't work at all! i am super dissapointed because my son really loved it!
"after four months, it is not working anymore. it was great when working on good start formula. back to shaking the bottle."
not very good quality and lets loose way too much lint every time it is washed. it is nice looking but that's about it.
My baby seemed to not be able the breath with these oversized pacifiers.. when and bought a different kind where they weren't brocking his nostrils
"my son loved playing with this before it made its way to the tub.  once it hit the water, it was difficult to get a sound out of the keys so my son quickly lost interest.  when it fills with water, it flips upside down and it is near impossible to get the water out."
"the gate is attractive and now functional for our smaller dogs.  easier to use than child gates.  reason for 2 stars is that although we like the look and the price was reasonable, it arrived with dented edges and one section's post broken/detached.  we decided to fix with real glue and new screws.  very flimsy and not constructed well.  would not buy another."
"I would love to give this at least a 3-star rating because they are really pretty and we love this brand, but for the reasons I will be providing, I just can't. My baby has been using NUK pacifiers (the ones with the handle) exclusively since the day she was born. She had about six of the 0-6M ones (all &#34;flat&#34; ones but in different colors) and then when she turned 6 months old, I bought her the 6-18M ones. This is the only design with handle where the water cannot come out completely when I wash the pacifiers. The flat ones are fine. I hand wash, machine wash, and sterilize all the things my baby puts in her mouth all the time, so I didn't think it would be a big problem. Fast forward six months, I was horrified to find mold inside the nipples. I checked all the pacifiers and only this particular design is affected. I washed them in the dishwasher but the mold is still there. I will be throwing these two away."
"it doesn't seem to be two inches thick as stated and i don't thinky daughters school will accept it. other than that it is beautiful with a great design, so easy to roll up, love that everything is attached and my daughter who is almost 4 loves to tote it around, the shoulder strap is great for either of us to carry. if it was thick enough to meet requirements i'd give it 5 stars."
"the bottles had scratches all over it, as if someone had used them and returned it. i don want to use someone else bottles for my baby. i just threw them out and got new bottles from walmart."
"This pacifier is probably a fine pacifier, but did not work at all for us. Our daughter was used to the 0-3 month Soothie, and we thought we'd try this so she wouldn't look quite as stupid as she did with a giant green thing covering half her face. This natursutten pacifier is certainly more attractive than just about any alternative. However, as the nipple piece is dramatically shorter than the nipple on a Soothie- and, I have to imagine, on most 0-6 month pacifiers--  this one did nothing but make her mad. At 6 weeks, it was already, it seems-- how can one know the mind of a newborn?-- far too small for her to get a grip on. All in all, stylish and trendy, but completely unusable for this family."
"this was so tiny! you might fit a hot wheels car in the pocket.  i thought this was the same size as a seat pet, boy was i wrong. probably my fault for not checking the specs closer."
I bought this to attach to my diaper bag so that I could have my son's pacifier easily accessible and clean. It fits about two pacifiers. The problem is that when I snap the black strap together the pop comes undone with the slightest tug. I was worried that it would fall off with just the tossing around of my diaper bag. So I glue gunned it together around the strap of my diaper bag and when I don't need it anymore I'll have to cut the Pocket's black strap and trash it. I wouldn't buy this again. Next time I would go to the store and test the pop attachment before buying.
"love the idea of these things, but they wouldn't remain stuck on the car windows, so they kept falling down.  threw them away."
the spoon itself is nice but weights approx half an unce only...this should have been mentioned in product description...pls improve it!
"pros:  drop dead easy to set up, scalable.<br />cons:microphone is not very sensitive.  if you want to hear your baby cry in the night, they'll need pretty good lungs.  moreover, i tried to tie three other cameras into the system, which worked great.  but the ability to configure the cameras is much less than advertised, and the ability to tie this camera into the internet for storing recorded video and accessing the video by the internet is much less than advertised.<br />i tried to find directions on their website, but they don't maintain a forum (?!) for cust. support, and the email support was no help."
"it is cute and affordable but it doesn't fit our standard size spout. it is too big, but it might be helped by adding some extra padding layer to the spout. we shall see..."
"i bought this because my son has acid reflux and needs to thicken his formula with some rice cereal at his night time feeding.  the nipple does allow the cereal to go through, but the bottle leaks.  i tried to put the nipple on a different bottle, but it didn't work.  i guess you need the disc for it to push through.  it's ok if you don't want to ruin all your bottle nipples by pricking holes in them and we only use it for one feeding so we make do, but if there were something else available to buy instead, i would."
"i purchased two britax b-agile strollers for my baby and my sister's baby before she travels out of the town, the one i purchased is in red, the color is not as bright as pictures showed, i was ok with it; but on the day when she was going to leave, i opened the box, and got the brand new stroller out, the stroller lift to fold area was not working right. i have to push the button on the side, and wiggle the &#34;lift to fold&#34; string around. it was very stressful for her since she is traveling with a baby and two big suitcases. i couldn't return the stroller since she has to use it. we didn't expect this kind thing happen at all since britax is specifically advertised the easy lift to fold function. i have to say, qc department might have not inspected it 100%.<br />also, this stroller is definitely has some weight. don't expect it would be as light as umbrella stroller. if you want a light travelling stroller, umbrella stroller might be a better choice."
"i went out of my way to register for the boutique versions of a&a's towels as the sets sold at buy buy baby are very thin.  my daughter is now 5 weeks old and i am highly disappointed with these towels.  they leave white fuzz all over my baby!  they are not as thick as i would like them to be although the size and thickness is acceptable.  the only positive is that i do love the washcloths.  we ordered a bunch of these in hide & sea and la mer.  they are so cute that i am sad to have to move on to another towel, especially considering how much was spent on them.  i plan on buying regular towels for baby to use since the towels the grown ups in the house use are thicker, softer and do not shed.  love their blankets but their towels are a huge miss!"
"i chose two stars, as there is a seam that runs right through the middle of the sheet lengthwise.  unfortunately, these were the only sheets that  i could find that would fit this bassinet."
"I loved the idea of these pacifiers as I saw them on Pinterest. However the nipple is flat and I've found that my son will only take pacifiers with a round nipple. I've heard this about some of my friends kids too. Maybe he will use them in a few months, I'm not sure."
"Fast shipping, did come in package, individually wrapped.  However, it looks nothing like the photo. The photo shows a more realistic skin tone, very funny, of course a gag gift...instead, I received a fire red pair, very cheap and looks nothing like the photo. Very disappointed!"
Its cute but my nephew hates it so he never even uses it he spits it right out. It would be cute if he actually used it.
"Baby didnt like them.  Nothing special, just doesn't work for our little one.  He doesnt' seem to lkie pacifiers in general."
"The caterpillar is super cute, but it doesn't have a clip to hold the pacifier like I thought it would. Instead, the caterpillar is sewn onto the pacifier! I chose 2 stars because I was so disappointed it didn't clip... And how am I supposed to sanitize this pacifier?"
"The pacifier is packaged in its own bag, which is fine. However, the packagers at Amazon used tape to wrap my package to another cardboard square. It destroyed the original packaging. I was gifting this pacifier so I had to come up with a clever way to repackage it. The pacifier was not damaged and it was a hit at the baby shower. It's very cute. This may not be a big deal for you, just a precaution if you are gifting this to someone...the package may not arrive presentable."
"has a very narrow gate swing angle that only opens in one direction.  although easily adjustable, it did not take long before further adjustment was needed to keep the gate assembly taught.  it also has the very annoying bottom wood member across the floor which quickly turned into a tripping hazard for a guest that was not use to walking across this high threshold.  i returned this gate and bought the much better the first years everywhere gate."
rinsing the double gussets in this diaper is hell. because they are 3 different fabrics for the main part and the gussets poop gets underneath and it takes 3 times as long. also the double pul layer gets moist because of the stitching. i bought 2 and regret it.
This is just a cute but cheap toy. It barely squeaks at all. Not quite as rigid as i thought it would be.
"i thought they would be great because they are a great value and nice portion size, however, the pops are extremely difficult to get out of the containers. the &#34;sticks&#34; have no grip inside of the frozen interior and come right out when you tug on them. not the best buy i've made recently."
My son was use to a different texture so this did not work for him. Plus we have a dog and hair sticks to this thing like crazy! Otherwise I liked it lol
"the game itself is good, but it would have been better if the pacifiers would come cut out already and were actually stickers. I had to cut out the pacifiers and use tape to glue them onto the game piece.. it was cheap but not worth it."
"the reverse side of this blanket is the same material as the trim--the silky/slippery stuff.  i was assuming that was just the trim, and the other side of the blanket would be soft and cozy.  that trim material is not \\cozy.\\  i guess i just consider that material cheap, and therefore i would rate this not worth the price.  for this price, i would expect more.  i can't return it--my older daughter opened it and ripped all the tags off--but i would if i could."
nice idea but poor design. my baby's head slips down through the holes on the left and right sides of the net. not cool.
"He hates the paci part but he loves the stuffed monkey part, so I guess it was a good buy. The paci is not detachable from the plush animal, so if your baby doesn't like Soothie style pacis, don't bother buy this. Just buy a stuffed animal instead!"
"I purchased 2 WubbaNub's.  Although these are very cute, I realized that my 5 month old son would pull on the stuffed animal and quickly get upset that the pacifier was removed after doing so.  Perhaps as he gets older and realizes the pacifier is attached to the stuffed animal, it won't be quite as much of a problem.  At this point, I have cut off the stuffed animal so he can both have his pacifier and play with the stuffed dog.  Needless to say, this was an unnecessary and expensive pacifier purchase."
My daughter was using one for only a week and the pacifier broke off from the doggy and it is not like she is strong and she only has 2 teeth so its not like she could bite throw them that easy.
just splatters water everywhere. no directional ability. maybe ok for little kids if you keep the water pressure low v
these seem made well and they are very soft but they are sooo thick and heavy that i don't even want my son to wear them. i would imagine that they trap more heat than even a diaper. in fact i have been happier with much less expensive training pants that i have purchased. save your money unless you live in a very cool climate.
"impossible to clean the straw. we used it for milk, and it molded. the second one we bought was used as a water cup and it was great!"
"i thought this toy it was better like other toys of lamaze,  but no, this one i did not like."
my daughter likes the bag but the zipper broke off of the bag after her first use. it can be a choking hazard
"the dresser design is modern and sharp, installation is easy and it looks great first glance after it is installed.  however its quality is poor; it starts to blister on the side when my son peed by accident on it; the drawer face also drops off two time now as the locking screw is loosing easily."
"cotton only is organic!!<br /><br />i haven't yet used this cover so i can't say about the use or washablity of the cover. immediately taking it out of its package and smelling the cover it smells strongly of chemicals and plastic, and then i read the package showing in small print that 2 layers are made of polyester which make this thing waterproof.  i should have known! i read the reviews on amazon on how wonderfully organic this thing was and saw the title description of organic but failed to look at the contents of the package which clearly states on the amazon page that the 2 layers are made of breathable polyester!!!  so i feel duped that i thought i was making a wise choice in my baby's sleeping choice of the fumes he will be breathing in as he sleeps on this and find out that it is only a slightly better choice.  should i return this item or wash the crap out of it before my baby arrives shortly???"
"i don't like the mirror (it's not very clear/distorts images) and the toys on the mirror don't detach.  i think if my daughter could see herself better in it, it would interest her more."
"These holders are okay to hold a pacifier, but the picture is misleading.  This product is only for 1 holder, not the several pictured.  Also, you cannot specify a color, so I ended up with a lavender holder for my son."
neat idea... and maybe for the right kid might be cool.. but my kid don't like it and it doesn't seem like i would like it either if i was a baby... not worth the extra $$
"Apparently my LO is very picky with her binkys.... She would only take the NUKs, and I've tried every brand under the sun..  I thought these were a great choice because the were attached to the wubbanub and the hospital issued them... So I bought these too...<br /><br />My LO didn't like the green ones, and didn't like these!<br /><br />My niece on the other hand, absolutely love her green soothers...<br /><br />Now at 10 months, you would have thought she graduated, to at least these...so since my LO didn't want em, I gave em to her...<br /><br />Nope... Still loves the green ones, but for some reason, refuses these!"
"My son loves these pacifiers - they are just pink with cherry's and other girly items. We are using them because we dont mind people thinking he is a girl from time to time but... just so you are aware (in case you care) the cute blue, white and yellow pacifiers you see in the picture may come to you in pink and purple. :D"
"yes it is very cheap comparing with other similar products.  you got what you paid for as they always say.  a few minutes after i wear it with my 1 year daughter inside,  my shoulder and my back are killing me.  there is almost no padding on the shoulder strap.  i returned mine.  i guess i have no choice to go for the a lot more expensive one."
"At about 15 days old, I gave in and tried a pacifier. It was a larger Nuk that someone gave as a giftt the time I had no idea there were sizes for these things. After a day or two, our daughter seemed to &#34;latch&#34; with this and I got a nice long nap. Since it seemed to work well for her, I decided to come here to Amazon and order a few (and discovered the Newborn and other size options).<br /><br />Because I had her on a larger one previously, these &#34;Newborn&#34; pacifiers were immediately useless, as she would seemingly not even notice there was something to suck on and it would fall out of her mouth. The larger one we had gotten as a gift has a cover than closes when it falls, but my wife doesn't like that because she thinks it will leave a mark. I don't even know the size, so I am going to experiment and order some more now. Hopefully we'll get the right one.<br /><br />If you've used standard latex feeding nipples, these may not work for your baby at all because they are too small."
The product is great but the packaging it came in looked like it was sitting in a warehouse for a really long time. I wouldn't but from this seller again.
"the product is just too small, apart from that is just as good as the picture, anyway consider the size before you place your order"
"i needed a bumper for my husband's hospital bed to keep him from putting his legs between the railings in order to get out of the bed. this bumper is much too thin to do the job. it collapses easily. it might be fine for a crib. but i exchanged it for carter's super soft bumper, which is thick and firm while being soft and works for my needs."
It doesn't stay in her mouth that good and she's not even 2 months old yet. I also found the exact same product cheaper at walmart.
"Adorable and just as it's pictured, but because it's so narrow it wouldn't stay secure on my baby's chest... if she stopped sucking the pacifier for even a second the whole thing would roll off of her... I wanted a product like this so that the pacifier would stay near her mouth while she was too little to grab it and put it back in her mouth on her own... it's just not wide enough to do the job..."
Wasn't too happy I found out it was for 3 month..it was too small for him..but got some cute pictures.. also up set after I paid 6 dollers it goes down to 3....next day! Really...
"this would be great if you only wanted to put bottles or things of that size in it. but if you want to put little toys, pacifiers, etc in it, they would just get lost somewhere in the bottom. then dividers aren't sewn into, or connected to the bottom in any way. so small items just get lost in the bottom, and not stay in its own little pouch."
I thought the pacifier would be able to come out of the mouth so that you can switch/alternate with different pacifiers NOT! It makes it difficult to clean and sterilize...
"My 3 month old has a hard time keeping the pacifier in her mouth. It slips out easily, unlike traditional pacifiers that she can hold onto. I also find this very difficult to attach to the Born Free Pacifier Holder. You need a lot of strength, which is not always easy for a new mom with sore wrists!"
"We have 0-6 month avent pacifiers that my son loved. The night time pacifier for 6-18 months works great. He likes these too, but they leave red marks around the outside of his mouth. :("
"I was told about Wubbanubs by another mother in a store who saw me struggling to keep my little girl's paci in her mouth. She told me they are suppose to hold the paci in place and keep it from falling out of the babies mouth even if they stop sucking. She said the feet were weighted to hold the whole thing on the chest of the baby. It sounded perfect, especially for the car seat and when my little girl is laying on her back. Unfortunately, there are many things wrong with this product. First of all, the pacifier is permanently attached to the stuffed animal and can not be removed to be cleaned properly. The weighted feet have a few little bean bag beads in them which do not keep it still at all. As soon as my daughter moves even slightly, the thing pulls right out of her mouth. Even when she's asleep, She has to lay perfectly still to keep it in her mouth...as soon as she moves her head, it comes out and she wakes up. At least with a regular pacifier, when she lets go of it, it falls away from her face. With this, when it comes out, its still in her face and sticks her until she gets frustrated and starts crying... If it doesn't keep the paci in the babies mouth, I'm not really sure what good it is..."
"i was getting frustrated by the playtex parts as well as hoping to get some more variety of colors and characters for the kids.<br /><br />the cups came as delivered including a 'sipper' is now one piece.  this is great for cleaning, but ...<br /><br />it is like trying to drink a milkshake through a regular straw ... you have to really, really pull.  maybe if you start with these the kids will be okay with using them, but after using the playtex sippy cups; these were so hard my kids would just give up on trying to drink from them and i would have to give them something else.<br /><br />unless your kids are going from breast or low flow nipples to these - i think your kids will hate them.  mine did."
"really excited about getting this blanket for my daughter ( we have the winnie the pooh blocks and soft ball and love these two items) but this one had some problems. when i opened the packaging i was immediately disappointed with size - it's about 11 inches long and 4 inches wide at the head - was hoping for something a little bigger to make it cuddle worthy. second issue, at the feet where the teethers are, the plastic was bent and had dents in it (marks that weren't supposed to be there). third issue, the threading keeping the plastic pieces on the feet was badly frayed. i did report the issues and was able to return the blanket for a refund - i may have just gotten a bad one but i didn't like the size so i opted for my money back. check the plastic and the threading before washing or giving to baby! i am giving 2 stars instead of one because it is cute looking and soft. for me, the issues outweighed those 2 positive factors."
When we bought this I should have read it more carefully to understand that the pacifier cannot be replaced. Once it gets dirty/warn out there is nothing you can do with it. I washed it as many times as possible without making it fall apart. Finally I just cut off the paci and we use the elephant as a toy. It's very cute but not practical.
got this for my grandson..says it will stick to most surfaces but it doesnt..i tried sticking it to the tray on his swing it fell off and hit him in the nose...tried licking the bottom hoping that would help it didnt..its cute but not worth the price i paid....
"it does move the britax car seat around.  but it does not do a good job turning the car seat into a stroller so you can push you child in the carseat and have a hand free to pull you luggage. the car seat moves around lot on the cart and its not possible to to tighten the car seat on enough to make it stay still. also - i think this is rather overpriced because its really just a dolly.  nothing more.  if you are taking the carseat on the plane with you will find it cumbersome because you either have to take the carseat down the aisle of the plane with the \\travel cart\\ still attached and it doesn't stay on well or you have to carry it separately.  which is ok if you go into this knowing that its just a dolly but at $70 i expected more than just a dolly, that same type of which i have seen for cheaper.  alsoi ended up having to buy bungy cords to make the care seat stay on tight enough at the airport, although that prevented any hope of using the carseat/travel cart combo as a stroller for my daughter at the airport."
"in comparison to the picture it is very sparse, small, comes with no arm or bracket to hang it, and the chimes you can barely hear...i returned it. cute but not worth the price."
"I bought this pacifier about 5 months ago to see if my twins would like it, but they didn't. So now is used as a toy, they like to test their motor skills with it, just don't put it in their mouths.<br />What I liked about the product:<br />- It's BPA free, but honestly, most baby product are.<br />- Doesn't have cracks which makes it easy to wash.<br />- it's made out of rubber. This is convenient if your baby likes to fall asleep with it and then rolls over it.<br /><br />What I don't like about the product:<br />-did you look at the price??? $9 for a pacifier is a little too much. Particularly when pacifiers are a hit or miss kind of a thing.<br />-it does have a funky smell at first.<br /><br />In my opinion this product is not worth it. Is way too expensive for what it is and there are a lot of reasonably priced products out there. Keep in mind that if your baby likes it you'll need a few to keep around. So, unless your baby refuses all other pacifiers I wouldn't give this a try."
"This would be a much more practical product if the binary were removable for sanitizing, not sure why they haven't changed that by now"
This case does not fit 2 pacifiers.  I tried to put 2 newborn paci's in there and I literally had to shove it in and force it to close.  The paci's I had were not oversized either.  They were your average size pacifier so I'm not quite sure what kind of paci's they used to test this product out because there was no way you could fit 2 in there without some effort.  I used it twice and never looked at it again.
i have tried this on several different brands of bottled water and the only one i have found it fits on is pellegrino.  the spout also doesn't really keep water from gushing out of the top of the water.  i will just keep on using a sippy cup.
"While it's a good idea, it doesn't really work for what most people will buy it for...  It's supposed to stay in baby's mouth, but it doesn't!  It's not heavy enough."
They should replace &#34;colors may vary&#34; with &#34;colors are opposite to what you see&#34;..<br /><br />Truly disappointing..<br /><br />They seem to be good quality but receiving the blue ones instead of the yellow ones that appear in the picture has ruined it!
"i just received this product two days ago. the first night we got it, we didn't use it because we thought it needed to charge overnight. tonight, we unplugged it and were excited to start using it only to figure out that there is no rechargeable battery inside.  it has to stay plugged in to work. in fact, there isn't even a temporary memory to remember the time settings once you've taken the time to set it. i am floored that a product meant to help toddlers who get out of their beds and have free reign in their rooms has to have a cord attached! can you say choking hazard?!?! we're still desperate to see if it works, so maybe i'll give a better rating after we spend our precious parent time tacking the cord to the wall and go through the teaching process.<br /><br />another minor complaint...after one time in my daughter's hands, the bottom cover that provides access to the clock was broken. not very child resistant on that piece. it's not a huge deal, but annoying enough to mention.<br /><br />a couple of good things to mention:  it came wrapped like a present, making it very exciting for my daughter; and when i posted a question to their fb site, it was answered within an hour or so."
"i really have never written a scathing review before and i really wanted to like the 2012 inglesina zuma white highchair, but my wife has really let me know on a daily basis how unhappy she is with it.  we have twins, so we purchased two of them!  the price was pretty good, and the quality seemed like it was constructed well. we really were taken in by the looks and style and it matched our kitchen. the engineering is just dreadful.<br /><br />1. the maneuverability is difficult because it's an awkward design with the extended legs. you just can move it quickly or easily.<br />2. setting it up and storing it takes several steps and one of them sometimes requires repeating over an over because of an internal latch mechanism that doesn't always release. it's a real pain.<br />3. cleaning the seats is a chore because you have to remove the straps and speaking of straps...<br />4. straps are a magnet to babies and these are very long and floppy. we had to use velcro straps to keep the kids from sucking on them. also, it would be nice to have a padded shoulder strap so it would prevent the strap from sometimes cutting into the child's neck.<br />5. cracks everywhere!! the top tray and sides are designed in such a way that food will get into every nook and cranny. this drives my wife nuts!<br /><br />we could never recommend this highchair to anyone because it costs too much money to have all of these issues.<br /><br />this is only our opinion and you may not care about any of these things. it's a really cool looking highchair!"
"in my haste to order an outfit my 5 month old son could wear for his baptism, i purchased this using my prime membership so it would arrive in two days.  i should have read the reviews first!  as previous reviewers mentioned, the 6-12 month size was much too small for my 5 month old who wears 6-12 month clothing in just about every brand imaginable.  the \\top\\ portion fit well, but the legs barely went past his knees and the lack of middle button on the rise meant that his diaper stuck out of the jumpsuit. on the plus side, the jumpsuit was really cute and the cabled cotton was soft.  please add some length to the legs and a middle button!!!"
None available.
"we bought this glider to replace wood rocking chair which started making wood cracking sounds.<br />we tried several gliders in the past and they were all super quiet, so we decided to upgrade to a glider.<br /><br />assembly was easy, although a bit confusing. the instruction say to tighten the screws and then a paragraph later they say that we should not tighten the screws yet until we assemble more parts.<br /><br />so it took me about 10 minutes to assemble and then we tried it for the first time.<br />when i set on it, it made a lot of wood cracking sounds (much more than our old rocking chair) and also the cushions made some squeaking sounds.<br />if your goal is to put a baby to sleep, this glider is probably not for you.<br /><br />one more thing, the glider is smaller than other gliders i tried.<br /><br />bottom line: it doesn't do the most important feature of a glider, which is to glide quietly (at least the item that i got)..."
"i wanted a cute wipes case and thought for the price of this one it must also be well made. as other reviewers have noted, however, this is basically a very cheap case wrapped in fabric and trim. it's hard to open and doesn't hold a lot of wipes, or any of the wider wipes like earths best. i wasn't thrilled with it and would not recommend it at it's price to anyone."
when i saw the picture of this item i assumed that it was much bigger than it really was. it's very tiny and can't even hold one of my son's average sized stuffed animals. 4 to 5 beanie babies is about all this thing can handle.
"I ordered this bag witout reading a few reviews and the second bag the picture is deceiving because it is to small for anything but a pacifier. Big bag is nice, but I have other nicer bags."
"i didn't realize the &#34;colors may vary&#34; when i purchased this set. i was hoping to get exactly the set pictured when i ordered the comb and brush set. my new granddaughter will be here in 6 weeks, and i received a pastel green comb & brush with a teddy bear on back....sure looks more like a boy's set to me. (wish they were showing the photo of what you would really receive.)"
"originally i thought these were very thick and durable, but then encounteted two bags that leaked fom the bottom right after i dumped milk in.  i'm worried now to see what happens to them after they thaw. i think i'll stick with lanisol in the future. i've used about 150 lanisol bags and haven't had any leakage issues yet (although i haven't thawed any, so i can't comment on post-thaw)."
this is too complicated for me to figure out. i have packed up the movement pad and parent monitor. i use the room monitor as a night light. pretty expensive night light.
i'm changing my review after just two uses with the product...my daughter has already figured out how to get the top off and pour the food out everywhere.  sadly...this has not worked out as i had hoped.  if she doesn't get the lid off it works as stated and is easy to clean...but if the lid comes off it's a mess.
although these swaddlers were good initially but after first wash some of these shrinked in size drastically even though the given instructions are followed while washing. the ones which shrinked are of no use anymore to my baby because of the size. it would be better if these are manufactured with better quality clothes.
i love the design so i kept the product.  the comforter became very pilly after just one wash.  the sheets are rough but wash well.
"But they're still funny on an 18 month old so I kept them. I wasn't even sure I hadn't made the mistake until I was filling out a review on another product. These say they're legit, safe, etc and look like they are as far as packaging and information on the package. The binky is one of those funny shaped ones, not symetrical, so my son doesn't keep it in for long. Long enough for a good laugh, though."
"I saw the photo of the clear with colored middle and thought that was what I was getting.  These are completely clear, so they blend perfectly onto whatever they are laying on. Super hard to find once the baby spits it out."
"1 piece silicone = easy to clean.  However, the shape does not contour to my baby's face.  and the shape of the nipple is so unnatural.  Why does everyone use these?  They just fall out of his mouth even when he is trying to keep them in.  Waste of silicone."
"As a nibbler, this would be good, my son who's a sucker not a nibbler did not like it since it was too heavy comparet to his traditional binky.  He sucked it once and did not want it.<br /><br />It seems to be well made so as something to bite and nibble, probaby 4 stars, as a paci, 1 star"
I thought these were way too big for the first 6 months.. maybe its just me but I ended up throwing it away!
"My babies did not like them. I ended up getting the cheap mam brand from walgreens that are bpa free then again my babies are not big nuk takers, like to do breastfeeding."
Just recieved it today and fell in love with it even more...In the picture provided by amazon it doesn't show just how beautiful the brown is on this cute little monkey...The only thing that is really disappointing is that the pacifier doesn't detach so when its time to replace it I'll have to get rid of the monkey as well :(
"This product is very cool looking, I though it would be a great accessory for my daughter's haloween costume.  It said it could be used by a 3 month old, but the pacifier was way to big for her(and she is not a small girl)."
The original shipment was lost and only replacement available send was pink NOT blue I had ordered. Attempt to solve the problem was solved. Thank you
"My fourth son was born with a cleft lip and palate. Since he couldn't breastfeed but seemed to have a high suck need, I decided to try a pacifier with him. Regular ones gagged him or fell out. But everyone suggested this one. Basically, it's a Soothie sewn to a stuffed animal, and the idea is the animal's weight helps hold it for baby or baby can hold the animal and hold the pacifier. Good idea, but it didn't work for him. The weight pulled it out of his mouth, and he did not like holding it. It's worth a try, but it's sure not the solution all the &#34;experts&#34; suggested it would be."
"water proof yes, but not soft.  it is stiff. would not buy any more of this brand for that reason."
"the way the straps attach, it leaves the organizer flopping around and in the way of toddler feet. wish it had some other way to secure the bottom that didn't leave the front seats obstructed."
spend a little more money on the ones that are wider in the front and have better sizing. i went with the reviews saying they ran big and purchased the s/m and it is too small. my only hope is that i can use it post pregnancy  to help shrink the area back to a &#34;normal&#34; size.
"seriously, get the cheap ones.  these are a little thicker and fit together better than the cheap ones, but at 1/4 the price, the others serve their purpose.  in addition, my shipment was missing 2 tiles.  these were bright and cheery, but i returned them in favor of two complete sets of slightly thinner tiles from a big box store--and i still paid half the price."
"i bought this thinking it would be perfect for a very large opening from my living room into my kitchen. upon arrival, everything looked normal. the box was sealed and didnt look like it had been mishandled at all. we removed the gate and as we unfolded it, we noticed one of the plastic hinges was broken. the frame of this gate is metal. why wouldn't you manufacture metal hinges??? without this hinge intact, an entire panel is rendered useless. not only that, the mesh of the panel is not very tight. a little one could easily push into it and fall over. all in all, i am disappointed with this gate and will be returning it for a more sturdy one."
"we bought this after my son really liked another jellycat book he received as a gift, but he has no interest in this one."
"i am college educated but when it came to this wrap i felt pretty dumb. it would take me forever to put on just right. it was either to tight or to loose. with a crying baby and needing to get something done, this just was not the wrap for me. i used it maybe twice. i heard great things about this wrap, but sadly it just wasn't the one for me."
"this pitcher is very small, and feels cheaply made. i don't love it or use it. i feel like a rubbermaid pitcher would have been better plus it can be repurposed. don't waste your money."
Bear does not shut off after 40 min like its suppose to and even on the lowest setting the fuzzy heart beat sound it makes is very loud. Gave it 2 stars only because a little constant noise helps my son go into deeper sleep as long as I turn the bear off as soon as he does or else it wakes him up.
"my niece absolutely hates this thing. She hates the taste of it and she gagged the first 2 times I tried to give it to her, so I just gave up. What a waste....."
"my son is now 17 months. this is the only diaperbag we use, so it's gotten a lot of use for our outings, travel & daily trips to daycare. we loved it at first, but it is now ripping to shreds, inside & out. the straps have broken, the lining inside is tearing out. i'd suggest buying a good quality regular backpack that has similar features instead of buying this. i expected it to last longer."
"This holds about two pacifiers but you really have to squish them together and hope the container doesn't pop open as there isn't really a 'lock' to it. It's cute and convenient but was so not worth the money. Use a plastic bag instead, or make your own out of fabric!"
My daughter was extremely premature and could not hold the pacifier in her mouth so I thought this would help like for car rides and such. The little caterpillar is not heavy enough to hold the pacifier in the babies mouth so it is pretty much nothing more than a decorative pacifier. At least it is very cute!
"These pacifiers are way too big....my baby girl can't breath properly as they almost cover her whole nose, which prevents her form being able to suck on the pacifier....and she's 3 months old!...they could have made them smaller and I would have given them 5 stars!....oh well, maybe when she's 5 or 6 months she'll be able to suck on them...but then I'll have to buy another set of pacifiers for 6 months plus!..."
"actually these are good pacifiers, but they are the same than the day time once... They glow only for a couple of minutes, so not helpful at all for the night."
"ESTE CHUPON ES MUCHO MAS PEQUEO QUE LO Q MUESTRAN EN LA PAGINA DE COMPRAS, ME PARECE QUE DEBERIAN COLOCAR EL TAMAO REAL."
My son already loved one we received in a gift.  I ordered 2 more and now have 2 pink ones.
"Many of my friends had these and told me that their babies loved them so I bought one for my 3 month old son. I thought at first that the idea of this item was really great. A combination of a pacifier and stuffed animal seems like it would be so soothing! My son showed no interest in this item and even when I tried to introduce it as he grew he still wasn't impressed. He is 1 year old now and has never used this item. So I guess it depends on the child if they like it or not, but this is not why I am giving it two stars. I am giving it two stars (stars are for the good idea) because this item it almost impossible to clean. You cannot sterilize the pacifier and when you wash the stuffed animal you need to let it air dry (you can't put it in the dryer because of the pacifier). I wish it was made in a way that would allow you to detach the pacifier more easily so that you can clean the stuffed animal and pacifier separately."
This pacifier looks nice and green but doesn't really perform well. It squishes my baby's nose making her spit it out. Had to return.
I thought this would take the place of my son's Gerber paci (since the ones he likes are hard to find because they are older). He was not very into it and refused to take this paci even though it is shaped simular to the ones he uses. It looked silly and huge in his mouth even though he is large for his age and was 10 months at the time. I was not a fan but maybe it would work great for someone else.
"i did so much research on the double strollers and found that the valco zee 2 had all that i wanted.  however, when i received it i was a bit disappointed.  the hoods, although they cover a lot of area, felt very flimsy and seemed to be made of cheap material.  also, i didn't like the way it didn't stay folded in when not in use, it looked sloppy. the main reason i ended up returning it was because of the way the stroller folded. it did not fold easy at all. i had to push it down really hard in order to get it to collapse.  and sometimes it wouldn't even fold at all. i'm used to the baby jogger city mini which folds incredibly easy, so this was very difficult.  therefore, i opted to return it & will be ordering the baby jogger city mini double when it comes out in a few weeks.<br />i did give it 2 stars because the stroller was very easy to maneuver with my 2 kids in it and the basket was huge & very accessible.  unfortunately, i just couldn't get past the difficulty in folding the stroller."
"I purchased this product for my son so he could better hold his pacifier.  He is 6 months and it seems at the top range for the wubbanub.  I was disappointed that the giraffe was permanently attached to the pacifier; I suppose I did not understand completely understand, but I thought it was attached by a gripper of some kind that would allow a pacifier to be changed when it became worn.  The cheaning instructions seem to state that they can be washed seperately, but not sure how it is suppose to work.  Would not have purchased if had realized that fact."
"I'm a little jealous that many reviewers say that their kids took to this immediately! not my son. He looked at it with a little bit of interest, put it in his mouth and tossed it on the floor! I tried to leave it his play pen, crib, take it on car rides but he did not show any interest at all and so it went to the 'oh well I tried pile' and that's for that. In all fairness, I would like to add that perhaps it would work if we started our son on this right from the get go instead of introducing it after his regular pacifier because he seems to like one particular brand of pacifiers and the one day I bought a different type that was shaped 'to fit his mouth better' it promptly flew to the floor."
"i was happy with one of these pacifers.  I didnt like that i wasnt able to specify colors or prints and i received one that was good for my boy, and the other was for a girl, which i cant use."
"After two weeks of using the cutsie caterpillar wubbanub, the area where it is stitched into the face of the caterpillar has almost completely come undone.  My baby is less than 3 months old, so it has not been handled roughly.  Very disappointed!<br /><br />*Update:  Mary Meyer sent me a new wubbanub, and were very nice about the issue.  They said they had addressed the stitching error, and it shouldn't happen again.  By the time we got our replacement, though, my little one wouldn't take a pacifier anymore, so it hasn't got much use!  Changed rating from one star to two for good customer service."
When you see three attachers shown you think that is what you are getting.  I was disappointed that there was only one when it arrived.  Not such a great deal after all.<br />The clip is pretty big as well.
We were thrilled to find this product and see how it worked... until we sterilized it!<br />It lost its glow after that and became a regular pacifier.
"I bought this product based on a previous product we had for our first child. The Pacimal's brand is much better as the stuffed animal is better quality and most importantly the pacifier can be replaced, or taken out and sterilized.<br /><br />This product does not allow you to remove the pacifier. I will not be purchasing another one. I will keep this one for now, but will definitely be purchasing another Pacimal.<br /><br />Also, as someone else posted before me, the giraffe's neck is flimsy. Woops. Didn't think of that when I was making my purchase."
"i was let down by the packaging on these wipes.  when i got them they were completely dry.  completely dry.  i struggled with opening them for half an hour.  (so much for easy open tops!).  i finally gave up, and retrieved and washed the plastic baby wipe container i had just discarded from my last set of baby wipes, and used scissors to open this package.  i ran some water in the container and let it soak up.  i was able to use them in a few days, but they didn't smell at all, and were hard to pull apart.  (maybe because i had to wet them down, so they stuck together more than they did originally?)  i checked the original packaging, and if there was a hole, it was small enough that when i tried to squish the air out of the package, it wouldn't let me.<br /><br />the only thing saving these from a one star rating was that i was able to salvage them and use them.  they did the trick, for all the problems i had."
didnt really serve the purpose . i had to keep checking on it every time my baby was on it.
"glowing globes were nice, but do not rotate.  the only thing that rotates is not a focal point of the unit, and is tiny.  music adjustment is 3 levels of volume:  off, super-quiet and quiet, neither of which is suitable if you use white noise machines as it's not loud enough.  the projector is a farce.  i thought i got a good deal, but an old school, mechanical wind-up beats the pants off this thing.  assembly is easy and construction seems sturdy enough.  in the end for such an impressive-looking feature set on paper, this mobile is quite a dull immobile.<br /><br />would not buy again."
"The reason i bought the wubbanub is because of how much my daughter LOVED them. The wubbanub itself is amazing. I am very let down with the description by picture. The main giraffe picture is NOT what you will receive. It is completely different and not even half as cute. It might be the pregnancy hormones, but i am pretty disappointed with it :("
I bought this by reading the reviews and also read about it in a  Baby magazine that it's suppose to be very natural and good  But when we got it I gave it my sin who is 6 months he hated it maybe the nipple shape  But he's so use to playtex binkey and also it's very light weight it  Keeps calling of from his mouth and he got angry when I gave him this  I just have it under his pillow in his crib he hardly uses it  I love nuk pacifiers more this is ok and a bit pricey since my kid next uses it  I was a waste of 9$  Ps it catches a lot of lint
"I personally wouldn't purchase these again. They are very cute, but not as practical as some of the other kinds (other Avent kinds included). My little girl likes to turn the bink around in her mouth, but with this kind only one side is up. They are also more bulky and she's only 10 months old and still seem too big for me.<br /><br />Overall LOVE the Avent brand though. I own binks, bottles, and sippy cups."
"As with almost all of the other reviews, which I basically ignored, the battery life does not last.  We bought this to take on an international trip so that we would not be constantly worrying about dirty pacifiers on the plane and in the airport.  We did not even make it from the states to Europe without the batteries dying. And we put fresh batteries the day we left. Better to buy pacifier wipes."
"Was very happy to purchase an all natural pacifier, however my daughter who is EBF and loves to suck would not take it after multiple attempts throughout her first month.  I think it has to do with the nipple size ... I don't see how it could replicate a mothers nipple which touches the roof of babies mouth.  This nipple just seems too small for my baby to suck the same way she would as if she was breastfeeding.  Really sad this product didn't work out because I was excited to try it.  I would suggest new moms give it a try though, because if you're going to introduce a pacifier, you might as well make sure it's natural!"
"in theory, this is a great idea.  i'm not sure if i got a \\bum\\ dispenser, but there is no way to get the bags out other than cranking the bottom then pulling a few inches and repeating several times.  neither my husband nor i have been able to pull the bags out at all without using this method, which always takes two hands.  i am better off forgetting about the dispenser and simply using the rolls by themselves.  i gave it 2 stars because the bags have been great, once out of the dispenser.  they have a pleasant odor, not too strong, but just enough to mask the diaper smell and allow us to dispose of them in the trash instead of running outside to the bin every diaper change.  we are almost done with the roll that came with the dispenser and so far no problems with bag construction.  my advice is to forget the dispenser and just get the refill rolls.  the roll is compact and fits in a small pocket of your diaper bag...at least better than grocery bags stuffed at the bottom."
"I loved that this mattress adds padding to my daughters play yard as we use it as a bassinet. However, I was very concerned about the smell - I aired this mattress out for a few weeks before she arrived and I could still get a hint of the awful smell when I changed the sheets. I had to replace this item. I would think an item made for babies would be made of better quality."
"Okay, so on the cute-factor scale these things are a clear 5 stars.  The little lamb (and it is little) is precious and you can't help but say awww when you first see it.  It's a great concept, and any parent that has played the retrieve the binky game is hoping it will work.  So far for us it's been about 50% successful.  The little lamb's feet are slightly weighted, so if our daughter is lying still in her rumble chair and you get the binky in her mouth and the lamb spread out right it does work.  The problem is at 11 weeks she's not exactly lying still all that often but she doesn't have the hand control to hold on to the lamb.  She still has the whole arms-swinging-wildly startle reflex going, so more often than not she knocks the lamb, which pops the binky out of her mouth, defeating the whole purpose.  She can't control her hands enough yet to then get it back in.<br /><br />On the upside, it does prevent the binky from rolling off onto the floor and it makes it much easier to find and put back in her mouth.  I can see the potential for this product and hope when she gets older and can actually hold on to the lamb it will work.  I'm giving it a 3 star rating for now for cuteness and potential and hope to upgrade to a 4 or 5 star rating in the future.<br /><br />Update: A year later and I'm afraid this little lamb never really worked out for us.  By the time my daughter had enough hand control to no knock the lamb out she was keeping a binky in her mouth more readily and she would grab this little guy to examine and again, pull the binky out of her mouth.  We ended up using binky leashes, which were perfect for our needs.  She recently rediscovered this little guy, and while she's too big to need him, she did enjoy popping the binky in and out of her mouth a few times holding the lamb, but then became angry that the lamb wouldn't give up his prize. =)  At this point, this guy is holding on to one star from us for sheer cuteness and one for what COULD be a great idea for another child, but I'm afraid he never quite worked out for us.  (We have friends who swear by him however, so it may work for your child.)<br /><br />As a note: it would be nice if there was some way to attach and detach the binky.  If she had used this frequently I could see it getting dirty and needing to be washed, which would be tricky without getting laundry detergent on the binky.  On the reverse side, you would want to wash the binky with dish soap but not the lamb.  The only decent solution is to handwash, and what busy parent has time for that?  (Plus at my daughter's current age I could see her loving to carry this little guy around if she could get the binky out of his mouth and it would have been nice to have given the toy a second life.)"
"everyone seems to love these. I received four or five of them from the hospital and they were all vanilla scented .but they will not stay in my sons mouths i have to fall asleep with my hand holding it in his mouth!!! bc he will wake up if it out, its so heavy and odd.  i have a wub anub but realistically is everyone going to buy on to use these? nope .... also my son is 7 weeks and he will grab onto the little tab that sitcks out and rip it out of his mouth and then scream when its gone, major design flaw.. obv its so you can pull it out but jezz it makes my life harder. and when you drop them they fly all over the friggen place like a possessed bouncy ball from hell who has it out to make your life and your screaming babies life hell while you are searching for it. only to find it ten minutes later 15 ft across the room in the opposite direction. Im still searching for the perfect pacy for my baby"
These were ok but the material feels like glass kinda like it would break. the other thing is that there were only 2 pacifiers and not 4 as seen in the picture.
"this product was recommended to me by a co-worker and it also comes with a 'foot' but when i ordered both, i received 2 hands; but in all fairness, the seller had indicated that there is a possibility that i would not be able to get the foot and i was fine with that. my son has yet to take an interest in this product at all. we tried all types of ways to get him to use it especially now that his teeth are breaking but he tossed it on the floor several times and he started to cry each time we gave it to him. it is not ideal for younger babies as it is simply too big. i am not sure if the foot is better but the hand did not work for my son and at all. we had invested in other teething toys which seem to work so much better than this one. this is filed under \\oh well, i tried, but it did not work for us\\."
i bought this cup because my daughter loves mickey mouse and she is having difficulties transitioning to a cup. she will drink water from a sippy cup but not milk. so this was going to be her \\special milk cup\\. she loved that it was mickey on the cup. this cup leaks and is very difficult to take apart to clean. perhaps it works better with an older child but i wouldn't recommend it to a friend.
"When my Mom was visiting and helping with the baby, she asked me what the weird pillowcase thing was.  And that really is kind of how to describe these.  They're two sheets of cotton stitched together around the edges.  The cotton is like soft t-shirt material.  It's very soft.  Unfortunately it's not absorbent so they ended up not being that practical.  I ended up being much happier with the [[ASIN:B001CKYN5A Gerber Brand 6 Pack Prefold Birdseye Organic Diaper, White]]"
"its a very cute mobile that goes great with the all star sports theme, but we never use it and it just gets in my way when i need to strip the bed and when i put clean sheets on the bed. i am sure some people use their mobile all the time but for me it was another thing i thought i needed to buy for my 1st baby...truth be told...it was a waist of money."
"it's a fine pacifier if your kid will take it, my son didn't. I also bought the much cheaper gerber classic pacifier and compared the two and there is no difference in the nipple/bulb. natural rubber, but still overpriced."
sagged after one month of use with a newborn.      after one month of use there is a permanent dent where the baby sleeps.  frequent rotation of the mattress really doesn't improve the issue.    a mattress for 80 bucks should be able to properly support an 8 lb baby.    we are using this mattress with this crib -[...] the crib is great.
"the first of these i purchased, i had to return because the camera snapshot feature and vox didn't work. the second one i received worked well for three months. my wife and i really enjoyed this product. the video is of great quality, and i love the vox feature. we can monitor both of our children while they are sleeping, and when there is a noise in the room, the camera immediately comes to life so we can survey the area and address the situation. what happened after three months? my wife plugged in the monitor to the base to recharge, and the usb connection within the monitor broke. as i am an engineer, i examined the unit and found that the usb connection is a very weak point, and that you have to place the monitor 'just so' into its base to recharge. figuring that it was our fault, i purchased another one for our use. again, after three months, i plugged it in, (and i am one to be very gentile with electronic equipment, as i consider myself not only an electronic engineer, but a 'techno-geek'), and it broke on me. same thing - the internal usb connection within the monitor. i have a call now into the company to have that unit replaced. i have since rigged the previously broken unit with my own recharger and am temporarily using that until i hear back from the company.<br /><br />what i like about this unit: the cameras are exceptional for their design. they are portable, battery powered for short excursions from their 'base site' (visiting overnight at grandma's), or when we're at the beach house, we can monitor outside while the cameras are sitting where ever we decide to mount them. the batteries in the cameras and monitors are okay. they last us about four to five hours. the cameras are great at adjusting for different lighting situations, from daylight, to total darkness. i totally love the fact i can 'talk back' to the kids if they happen to get up for something. sometimes a quick \\it's not time to get up\\ in my daddy voice is all it takes for the wee ones to drop back down and go to sleep for another hour, when they get up unusually early. i love the fact the monitor can monitor up to four cameras at once. since the kids are now moving all over the place, i can have extra cameras around and monitor up to four at a time (on one screen), and easily select which camera i wish to monitor full screen.<br /><br />what i don't like, is what i've already explained. i feel that if the company can devise a more robust usb base within the monitor itself, then this would be a perfect product. until then, i'm left with a jerry-rigged unit until they respond about my second broken unit.<br /><br />i did a lot of research before purchasing this unit - and i still think it's a great concept, just a weak point in engineering.ck down and go to sleep for another hour, when they get up unusually early. i love the fact the monitor can monitor up to four cameras at once. since the kids are now moving all over the place, i can have extra cameras around and monitor up to four at a time (on one screen), and easily select which camera i wish to monitor full screen.  what i don't like, is what i've already explained. i feel that if the company can devise a more robust usb base within the monitor itself, then this would be a perfect product. until then, i'm left with a jerry-rigged unit until they respond about my second broken unit.  i did a lot of research before purchasing this unit - and i still think it's a great concept, just a weak point in engineering."
"nearly every one we had must have been defective. the frames bent easily and stayed bent (and yes, i know the sides are supposed to bend and then snap into position but it was more than that...they stayed bent).<br /><br />also, if you put this up, plan on keeping it up. i would describe this more as a permanent solution rather than an \\easy to remove and put up\\ travel gate. from the reviews here, it is clear that some people love this but it just didn't work for our lifestyle.<br /><br />pre-tested before baby came as well as with a friend's baby. totally frustrating and we followed the directions perfectly. as others have noted, the directions are not easy to follow and you have to practice to understand how to get this to work. even so, after extending the top and bottom sides, placing the gate on the floor (a required step according to manufacturer instructions) and then locking it in place, we were extremely...well, grumpy. further practice didn't make things any better. i would never use this as a portable baby gate!<br /><br /> uh-uh. looking for something simpler. i would avoid using this after going through so many steps each time! again, for a permanent or long-term gate (for crawlers to first walkers), this might work...as a travel gate, nope...not from what i experienced."
very cheaply made.  difficult to close.  not as lightweight as you would think.  overall not much different than the $20-30 ones you could buy at the store.
"The color and style is nice but not the overall design. The package said orthodontic. These pacifiers are not the traditional orthodontic ones. Baby doesn't like this binky, neither do I. I'm also noticing the gray part of the soother is scratched up as well."
"I bought this because I like Skip Hop and my JJ Cole's velcro was coming off of my other pacy holder. It was such a disappointment. The zippered holder works great but if you want to hang it on your diaper bag forget it! After about 2-3 weeks of using it you will be in a store with a screaming child and you look to where the pacy holder should be just to find it not there because it fell off on the way to the car. But if you are just going to shove it in your bag then I would choose this one over the rest, but if you want an easily accessible one to attach to your bag's straps choose another one."
I know it is partially my fault for not reading all the fine print but I really didn't expect them to send me pink pacifiers. I do like these pacifiers but will never order them from here again. They need to have boy or girl choices at least. I would have been happy with any color besides pink.
"i loved the idea of a paci that wont fall out. when i got the paci, i loved the toy and everything. unfortunately my son didnt like the soothie brand. i went for make-it-urself project and sew his old avent paci to the wubbanub. but he still didnt like it. he is a very ative boy, he waves his arms and rips the paci out of his mouth. the toy is good size for his little hands to play with and im really hoping he'll like it later, when he can reach for a pacifier and put it in his mouth knowingly, not by accident."
"I had very high hopes for this pacifier when I bought it. However, it was made with such poor quality material & so badly designed that it is really a huge waste of money.   The plastic on the outside is so brittle, that if it falls on a hard surface, such as concrete, it is prone to shattering, leaving sharp, jagged edges that you would never put near your baby's mouth. Also, it doesn't take long before the closure no longer closes all the way, defeating the purpose.  Furthermore, the clip is just as fragile. The handle that opens & closes the clasp snaps off much too easily, rendering the clip useless. I had to replace both so many times that after 6 months, I gave up entirely & went with another brand, MAM. Both the pacifier & the clip are made of much sturdier materials & the design of the clip is such that the moving parts are much less likely to break off. You're better off just keeping pacifier wipes handy for when it gets dirty. The cost of replacing the pacifier & clip so often far exceeds the cost of the wipes.   Good luck & congratulations to you or the new parents you're shopping for!"
"I bought these adorable pacifiers for my 2-month old, as I did not like how the shield on the Soothie pacifier she had been using was so large and was smushing her nose.  The GumDrop's nipple is nice and soft, just like the Soothie, however the GumDrop's shield is made of a firmer silicone.  As my daughter would sometimes put the wrong end of the pacifier in her mouth, I didn't want her to hurt her not-quite-ready-to-teeth gums by sticking the shield in her mouth.  It's not as hard as the silicone/plastic used in some of the Playtex and MAM shields I've seen, but it wasn't the same soft material its nipple is made of."
"i read the reviews and thought i would give it a shot. the spoon is nice and the bowl is generous in size, however, what type of container with a lid is it, if the lid doesn't fit properly.  i tested to see if liquid will spill and because the lid doesn't fit tightly, it spills.  the lid does not snap on, so it's useful to fill with anything other than dry food on the go.  extremely disappointed with this product.  wondering if i can return it."
"After it being not used as a pacifier just left thrown on the floor of the play gym, I decided to take a cloth and clean it, well that was no good it's not of good quality the plush toy has  alot of fuzzy balls and looks old. This is not worth $20 no matter what the seller says to justify the price of $10 shipping and handling. Not worth it, go buy a regular soothie and a plush toy animal for less."
"I ordered these for our newborn since I read so many good reviews and these are the kind the hospital uses. Our daughter just didn't like them. I ended up just throwing them away. I guess it is just the baby's preference, she likes other brands but not these."
"These are great pacifers, however go to the store to buy them.  Ordered them thinking that they will be gender neutral colors, but they are not. I have a baby boy and Amazon sent pink pacifers, and Amazon won't let you pick the color.  Amazon either needs to send gender neutral color pacifers or let you pick the color."
"[[videoid:mo33ycml6hepkh9]]we bought the supergate for our cat to block him from running around the living room and destroying our in-progress jigsaw puzzles. i purchased the product knowing very well that our cat might be able to clear the gate, which he did. so i ordered a second supergate to double the height of the \\cat prison\\. presented in the video is our little houdini clearing both supergates with ease.<br /><br />for nimble cats, this product fails. it might be fine for babies and dogs."
"i thought this was a great idea and was glad to find an alternative to a 200 dollar car seat stroller device. however, this was quite a disappointment. it was pretty unstable even though i tightened it as far as it would go. it also broke my suitcase. it wasn't a cheap suitcase either but it broke the wheels off anyway. i ended up having to drag my daughter and suitcase around the airport on the last leg of our 16 hour trip. i was traveling alone so it sucked big time."
"the quality of the spouts is great, but i was unaware that when using these spouts the child can dump an entire cup of milk by simply turning the cup upside down. the liquid just pours out of the spout. i guess i didnt read the description well enough to understand this before i purchased them."
"my daughter would only take mam binkies and mam bottles so i decided to go with a mam sippy cup too! i not only got a blue cup, but they spill everywhere! we ended up using nuby sippy cups, my daughter took right to them and they never leak!"
"my 7 months gets too active during bathtime so i bought this to replace my [[asin:b0018z8cn8 fisher-price precious planet whale of a tub]]. it is bigger which is great but it is also very slippery for an active infant. my infant would crawl or tried to stand up causing her to slipped hitting her body and head into the safety supports which are hard plastic mounds. bathing became difficult and painful for her so i stopped using it and got something with a flat even surface like a [[asin:b00361b2ca hoppop bato bath tub, lime]] which worked out quite nicely. i would only used this if my infant just lay during bath like a newborn but she doesn't. i would also recommend getting some anti slip stickers if you're still going to get this. will give it another try once she can stand on her own."
"i uploaded a picture.  noticed others had similar problems, but i hadn't noticed those pictures before i ordered.  please do check them out.  probably not a problem if you have a sander and wood finish, but then you can probably make your own out of better quality wood (this is gumwood)."
"I thought this was a good purchase until it finally arrived.  I did not like how the soap and water got stuck inside the pacifier. Not only is it difficult to get out and clean, I feel that it's unsanitary to give to a baby if you don't sanitize it in hot water after every use. I sanitized it in hot water for 5 ~ 10 minutes before use and my son did not accept the pacifier at all which I don't mind because it would be a pain to sanitize after every use. The only positive thing about the pacifier is the cover that it comes with because if it didn't I would have given it one star."
"This lion came with a snag in his mane. I thought he silky fabric would add some interest for my baby. But it just runs and pulls when it gets snagged on something. Not worth your money. It is very cute, though."
My son hates how the nipple on these is so straight and pointed. He refuses to suck on them at all and prefers the MAM style over this.
"i like that this bath toy storage can be used to \\scoop\\ up the toys out of the tub...but that doesn't really help when you have to sqeeze the water out of squirting toys anyway. i like the mesh, it's pretty heavy duty but the actual storing part, doesn't work. i can't get it to hang on the attachment provided so it ends up sitting in the sink anyway."
"This pacifier is made of SUPER soft material. My daughter couldn't keep it in her mouth, it was so flexible that it didn't trigger that comfort reflex for her. It was really cute but we eventually tossed it since it was ineffective."
"Judging by the shape of the product I was under the impression that the pacifiers would just click in place and I would be good to go. Nevertheless it took me several attemps to fit two pacifiers in there and when you're raising twins time is everything! Now I have finally found a way to fit them both and I'm pretty happy, but as another reviewer said it does not close firmly. I gave it two stars for the handle that makes it very easy to hung on almost everything. I wouldn't buy it again or recomend it."
A pacifier case in a bright red easy to find case is a great idea.  The latch to affix it to your diaper bag has a snap which opens too readily;  this makes the case way too easy to lose.  Skip Hop should change the design to make the latch close with velcro instead.
"[[VIDEOID:mo2RBN29PVQ4LTY]]By the look of this pacifier I would never have thought it possible to fall apart, but it has.  I purchased this about a month ago and my baby loved it.  My baby is a newborn, so obviously he's not chewing on it or doing anything crazy to damage it.  There is a semi-hard piece of plastic in the inside of this pacifier, and I guess the sucking motion itself caused the hard plastic to cut its way through the soft plastic. Now the soft plastic has worn off of the sides of the pacifier and it looks really torn up. If my baby was old enough to maneuver the pacifier himself it would even be considered unsafe because he could easily tear off more plastic into his mouth. I am going to order a new pacifier now, but not this kind."
"frames are nice but the quality is not worth the money especially when you add in shipping cost. i ordered them because it can be hard to find frames for all holidays. if you are able to find them in your local store, i would advise you buy them there where you can see the quality before you purchase."
"While these are a cute alternative to the hospital paci's (still our favorite; I refuse to buy decorative pacifiers)  ...they are not an exact replica.  I do think this has helped us lessen our reliance on paci's altogether, which is my ultimate goal by one year old.  Liz & Davis (6 mos.)"
"I just adored this when I got it.  It was cute and I understood it's function from the beginning beyond just having a pasi.  However it wasn't until I opened the package yesterday that I was disappointed (I'm due soon); the directions say to wash the pasi - got it, no biggie.  The animal - wash gentle dry low, got it.  Then as I was inspecting the product I realized the animal is sewn together WITH the pasi.<br /><br />This didn't make sense to me.  So you're supposed to wash the animal in the washer, with the pasi attached to it, allowing any soap you might use in the washer to soak into the pasi.  Or you could not use any detergent but either way I'm sure the pasi can't be washed in a washer too frequently.<br /><br />You can't remove or reattach the pasi unless you take the stitch out and then restitch the (or a new) pasi into the mouth of the animal.  I was expecting some clip or tie or something else other than permanent attachment of the two objects; for cleaning purposes this is completely unpractical.<br /><br />I gave it two stars instead of just one because it is adorable. It is another baby-item that may or may-not work depending on how my child takes it.  The rating is not based upon if my kid throws it or not because that would defeat the purpose of rating the product as-it-is verses what my kid does with it."
i bought these for my 10 month old. these are the largest pacifiers i have ever seen. if i had known they was this large I would not have bought.
"My SON loves these pacifiers. I chose the pacifiers that are blue and white with racecars on them. However, I opened the box, and to my dismay, received HOT PINK pacifiers with peacocks on them. My husband will not be pleased when he sees our SON with HOT PINK, GIRLY pacifiers."
"I loved the idea to have a portable pacifier sterilizer for my little one, however after a couple uses the middle insert came off and the product does not work anymore. Good idea, poor quality."
"I HAVE ALOT OF THESE AND THIS ONE IS MY LEAST FAVORITE .IT ROLLS RIGHT OFF MY BABY SO SHES ALWAYS LOSTING IT.ALSO I THINK THE PACI SHOULD BE DOWN MORE ,ITS HARD FOR HER TO KEEP IN HER MOUTH.LOVE THE OTHERS"
"This is one of those tings new mommies look at and wonder, How did my parents ever survive without one of those? Then you buy it and you quickly learn it's because it's completely useless. I ended up keeping the binky on a clip that hooked to the baby's clothes whenever we went out. This kept it from falling, and also made it unnecessary for me to use a bag at all. If I needed to put it away, I just threw it in the diaper bag (which is clean, and I'm not a germaphobe).<br /><br />Also, the snap on the loop always came open, so I couldn't trust it on the diaper bag strap. That's the whole reason I thought it'd be cool...so I didn't have to dig through the diaper bag for the binky. But I ended up having to keep it in the bag anyway because it would just fall off.<br /><br />Now my older son thinks it's a cute purse and shoves little things in it."
"The concept is nice, but as other reviewers pointed out, it closes AS it hits something, not before.  My bigger problem with it is that it's hard, and not soft like most other pacifiers, so his face can get red while sucking on this.  If he were to hit something with it in his mouth, he could probably get really hurt, so we just don't use this because of that."
None available.
"The idea is great, but it just doesn't work.  The sides that snap closed to keep the pacifier clean dig into my baby's cheeks. It doesn't always close before it hits the floor, either.  It was disappointing."
"We got this for our 3mth old after playing 'replace the binky' way to much.    The problem is, it's very light, and the pacifier isn't as good as the Advent one he has been using.  Basically, he doesn't like it, and even if he did, it wouldn't stay put on his chest."
My Grandson Cooper is never without his monkey pacifier....he is 3 months old but hangs on to his monkey pacifier.  It is so adorable and useful and his Mom loves it too because it doesn't land on the floor.
There's no way this can hold 2 pacifiers. It's beautiful but it's way to small.
"The part that closes is bulky and due to that, my son barely gets half the binky in his mouth. He has to suck really hard to keep it in, which not only leaves a red mark around his mouth but an indent! The concept is great, I just wish it was better designed. We're just going to stick to regular binkies from now on."
"this piece was relatively easy to put together, and it looked great in my son's nursery.  however, after a year or so of diaper changing and every day use, it started to fall apart.  the drawers were flimsy and they wouldn't stay attached.  i ended up throwing it away after a year and a half."
"I had high hopes for this pacifier, as we have 2 dogs and 3 cats and my son's pacifiers get instantly covered in hair as soon as he drops them. Even on a pacifier holder, they would fall onto his clothes or blanket & pick up dust and hair instantly. So to say I was excited about this product would be an understatement. Here is what I wish I had known before I purchased it:    The keep-it-kleen pacifiers DO NOT AUTOMATICALLY CLOSE! They have a mechanism that keeps the cover open, until it is jarred/knocked, at which point it snaps shut. This is great for pacifiers that fall on a hard floor from a substantial height, but when it just gently rolls or falls from my son's mouth when he is in his car seat or stroller, the impact is not enough to make it close, so it just stays open, lying on his shirt/blanket/whatever picking up hair.     Also, as other reviewers have mentioned, it does not have very good air flow, so the inside of the pacifier tends to fog up instantly and I'm not sure this is very hygienic.    In summary, I guess that a pacifier that closes some of the times it is dropped is better than one that never closes (ie a regular pacifier), but for the price, and the fact that it doesn't work in both large and small drops, I would not recommend it."
"this is my second britax and i am a bit disappointed.  the best part that i liked about britax was solid thick strap.  my other britax was 2004 onyx and it is still going strong.  the strap does not show signs of aging unlike graco's or evenflo's that are often loosening after some use.      for 2nd kid, i bought this expecting same quality.  however, it lets me down on the strap.  the strap is thinner than previous year models of marathon.  is it designed to last only for 5 years due to the carseat expiration fiasco!      i feel my child is less secure with this model. i hope that the company seriously reconsiders to go back to original strap."
"the seat protector looks good in my accura mdx with grey seats. it is just the right size for a booster seat and i like the small pockets. i wish i had purchased a seat protector with a back (or at least half a back) for improved protection.    the storage box is the right size for us, but way too soft and flimsy. we quit using it."
"this should have been very cute gift for a new mom.  the onesies are all adorned with cute as a button decals.  unfortunately these decals are only stuck on with some adhesive tape, they are not permanently sewn on to the onesie.  for this price, i would expect a cuter onesie than a plain white one (which you can buy in a 6 pack k-mart for cheap) rolled in a ball with a sticker on top.  overall, very disappointed.  would have been a super cute idea if the onesies all had permanent decorations on the chest."
it's nice but i thought it would be a little nicer for the price.  the ribbon is a little cheap looking.   i saw a similar one somewhere else with much nicer ribbon and thought this would be the same product.  my mistake i guess.  the inside pages are vey nice though.
"this was my first digital monitor purchase.  i was replacing the analog sony we got when our son was born.  digital is definitely the way to go because there's no static.  however, this just doesn't get nearly loud enough.  for 109$ it should at least wake me up when my son is crying.  the thing that wakes me up is the incredibly bright illumination of the lights.  perhaps they crossed some wiring and made the lights as bright as the volume should be loud.  i've very dissatisfied and am currently trying to get my money back.  i would not recommend that anyone buy this product."
"I saw the overwhelmingly positive reviews and thought this may be something to help my little one sleep. We tried lots of different pacifiers, but he never really took to any one style. I thought I would try this because of the idea that it could help stay in his mouth. However, the results weren't any different from all the other pacis we tried. Maybe it works for younger babies but at 2 months, it would still fall out of his mouth when he turned his head so it didn't really keep it in place. To be fair, maybe my little one just isn't a pacifier kind of kid, which is fine, but we didn't have the success that so many others seem to have with this product. I was also a bit hesitant because of the fact that the pacifier is sewn to the plush toy but I was willing to deal with it at the time. However, it really would be a much better product if there was a way to separate for cleaning."
"We got these from the hospital, a couple of them. My baby seemed to love them so much that I went nuts and bought 6 more. Three days after getting them my baby was 10 days old and decided he didn't like them anymore. I think they're great for newborns at the hospital but I dont' think they like them for a long time."
"The bear is really cute, but I can't say that it has helped my baby fall asleep. My son is 8 weeks old, I put it in the crib with him, but it doesn't help him go to sleep or stay asleep."
"I loved the look, the feel, everything about this chain until this weekend.  I bought at christmas for my son, he is now 4.5 months (2 months later) and teething, puts everything in his mouth and sucks on everything.  Well the wetness caused the wood to crack on three beads, I noticed it in time, a small bit of pressure with my fingers and was able to break all three beads into pieces.  I am so glad this didn't happen when my son was playing with it, easy to choke on these pieces. If you use this item makes sure to check often for cracks!"
"i bought this for my baby brother, jay. he is my mom's 1 year old foster child who she is in the process of adopting. here is what my mom said about the gate:<br /><br />\\the gate seemed ok but was very light weight plastic and we didn't think it was sturdy enough to keep a strong baby like jay from breaking it out of the wall and then tumbling with it down the steps.  most importantly, the gate was not very tall, only about 24\\ i think,  the railing around the top of the steps is more like 32\\.  we felt that baby would be hanging over the top of the gate and fall down the steps (jay is already 33 inches tall).\\<br /><br />they ended up buying a different gate, so it was a waste of money for me. if i lived in the same state, i would just bring it home to use in my house for my baby since we don't have any stairs."
"acceptable when crib is up, but now that the crib is on the lowest level they're useless. totally collapse and look sloppy. disappointed."
trees were smaller than i thought but made them work.
My baby didn't like those. She likes the MAM pacifiers instead.
Baby did not like it. Also the wrong color was sent to us
I wish the animal would come off and attach to another paci. My LO likes the puppy but chokes on the paci every time.
I wanted baseball like pictured but got football
The nipple is too short even for a 2 month old. I got 0 to 6 months size. Disappointed that I spent so much for something she will not keep in her mouth.
worked well to get the potty training started...but broke only after 2 weeks
"this potty is awesome in theory.  we've only used it three times (my little guy isn't quite ready to fully potty train), but now it randomly has the &#34;yay&#34; music go off at random times even when no one is sitting on it or in the room with it.  there is no moisture or anything else for that matter in the toilet so no reason for the music to play.  very frustrating and confusing for a toddler you're trying to train to  use the potty."
"Too heavy, my son doesn't like them."
look for other ones this one is all carbord and you have to use tape or buy a thing of pins.
"One had a hole in it and was useless. Otherwise, these are the only ones my son likes."
"I had bought the newborn GumDrop pacifiers for my baby and decided to change to the Infant size/style recently since he was getting older.  However, I noticed he was spitting out the pacifier a lot and it seemed like he had a hard time sucking on it and keeping it in his mouth.  Eventually I ended up buying the MAM pacifiers, which he keeps in his mouth for forever!  So unfortunately, the infant size/style did not work well with my baby :("
The new shape is awful. My son hates these pacifiers and refuses to use them. What a waste!
"at first the camera worked well, but then began to fail. the monitor works fine, but the camera is not. the problem is that i live in argentina, and i bought during my vacation in miami. what should i do? i am very disappointed. my country has restrictions on sending or receiving packages from abroad. what shoud i do?"
It had a rip in it when it arrived. Baby could not use it.
i got these for my newborn - she weighed about 6 pounds at birth so i was hoping these were on the small side at 0-3 months but they were too big for her
My baby does like this at all. He doesn't like the soothie pacifier at all.
These are the only passy's my daughter will take. The description says 2 pack.. insinuating that are 2 packs... each pack containing 2 passy's. Expected 4 total and it only came with 2... these are usually 5.99 for a pack of two. So they charged double... NOT HAPPY!
"I like WubbaNub, but this gray color is worst in reality than in the pictures. Quickly sent back."
This is smaller than I thought it would be
It's ridiculous you can't pick the color you want. But whatever.....I still use them.
"Disappointed because I have received the wrong pacifier. It is not an easy process to receive the correct one. I have to request a refund/return, print it out, mail it back and then reorder my pacifier again, with the hopes that it will be correct this time."
Not worth the price. Should have at list been made in way that the pacifier cut out and have a way of sticking it on the game.
"Unlike other wubbanubs, the roundness of this animal shape means it tends to roll off my baby. I'd recommend other animals, like the puppy, over this one."
My breastfed baby loves these and we have ordered two pairs from Amazon and purchased one from Walgreens. One out of each package had a hole in the paci causing my son to suck in air. So out of the 6 we purchased we are left with 2. I am now on the quest looking for another paci. We can't even return because I just threw them away.
My baby didn't like it at all. We went from the typical hospital pacifier and I tried this and it was a waste of money. 1 year old big sister doesn't like it either.
too big for my baby .. she didnt like at all .. it coz her gaging .. waste of money :(
These were very disappointing. Each cloth is so wet that I have to literally 'wring out' the moisture before I actually use them. It then leaves behind a lot of moisture. I bought these to use to clean my pump parts when taking my pump to the office. The Munchkin Arm & Hammer wipes work much better!!
does not work as well as i hoped. the lower pockets are not accessible in a chevy truck. most of the pockets are too small to be useful. it keeps slipping off the side of the seat. the lower strap will not stay tight. disappointed
"Arrived in random, ugly colors (blue/orange). Not what I expected from the pictures."
"love the color it's a little bit too short , even though i ordered a bigger size still a little small"
my wife doesn't like this because she said is too hard...
"I like how thin the bag is - it doesn't take up much space and dries very nicely. However, after only a short period of time using it (approximately twice a week for 3.5 months), the drawstring does not work very well - it gets caught on the material and is difficult to just pull close. This is going to become a back up wet bag and I'm going to by another one of the brand that works well for me."
"this crib liner is too big for a regular crib. also, the ties that are supposed to hold the walls up don't grip to anything and just slide down therefore defeating the whole purpose of the liner. not happy with this purchase."
I bought it for a boy's babyshower and gor two PINK pacifiers!
it's only $3?but buy the munchkin one.  they last longer!
"The hook is poorly designed, in that there is no closure. To attach the case to something, you simply bend the hook so that the gap is large enough to pass through whatever anchor point you are hooking the case to. This results in the case falling off if you accidentally grab it and pull, even the slightest bit, or if you brush it against something. I would not buy this again."
"Not very happy, baby doesn't seem to like them. In fact it helped to wean him off the pacifier."
baby has trouble &#34;latching&#34; onto these pacis :(
we really wanted to like this car seat because a couple friends of ours have it and love it. we must have gotten a bad one because the tightening strap was impossibly hard to adjust. i couldn't do it with one hand and could barely do it with two hands. the buckle was also pretty difficult to unbuckle. the head cushions were also too large for our guy. he likes to look out the window and the cushion blocked his view. we returned it.
"the party trick of these baby carriers is that you can have two at a time.  my biggest complaint is that they are not really good baby carriers.  however, it is legit that it can convert between two &#34;normal&#34; carriers and a unified twin carrier."
"bought theses in december 2014, and now its may 2014. these covers you buy at your own peril. these seemed to have failed protecting my seats!!! the blue parts give way over time and can bend and become disconnected from the material. maybe its because of i have graco carseats. i dont know i just know that it seems to have a longevity problem. now ive got to spend money on another product that can last longer."
this is not what i thought
The baby took this only one time and then refused it.  Another friend said the same thing happened with her baby.
I ordered this thinking it was black. Nope! It's brown. Deceiving picture!
we are loyal oxo tot household. we love all their products but this one we did not. the rubber on the lid is now bent weird and doesn't hold the food in as well i put puffs in it for my son one time and him putting his hand in and out of the rubber to get the puffs bent the rubber and now basically it's just an open hole. a tad disappointed but i think this would happen with any product with this type of lid.
"food falls through, very messy. and the blue one is stained by the food, not sure if that's normal."
i would not recommend this product to anyone. we love the design. but when you see it in person it is very bad quality. cheap materials.
it shrinks and has no shape after one wash.
"well, it floats... sort of. this boat rides low in the waterline and has zero water-proofing (even on battery compartment, which is pretty questionable). any child, or adult... for that matter, that attempts to interact with the boat while it is under way will inevitably sink it with very little effort. the water cannon on the front produces an anemic stream like that of a pin-prick in a pop-can... barely noticeable. if you need a model boat for calm waters then this will do... otherwise shop onward."
"baby always drop it,the biggest problem is rubber bitten a little faster"
i purchased this because the description said it was cotton. the tag on it says 100% polyester. it also has strings coming out of the top of its head. disappointed.
"love bumpkins baby bibs but the junior bibs are a bit odd-very large bib, but oddly small and non-adjustable, non elastic arm holes making this annoying and difficult to put on a wriggly toddler."
It looks poor quality
"I do like this caterpillar. The fabrics chosen are pretty and have nice texture. Unfortunately, it will get a two star rating due the poor workmanship. It was washed before initial use as per the instructions (cold wash, and air dried), but a few of the seams appear to be coming apart. I'm sure I could fix this on my own, but I don't think I should have to. I may return and replace with another, but I would be sorely disappointed if the same problems exsist with the next one."
"beware - no latch, attached only by the seatbelt. for this price - it is an issue. will be sending this back."
"My  babies are small so this product did not work for them. Although it might for an older baby. For my 4 mos old girls it was but a bit large and cumbersome for sleeping, they would grab it or rub it out of their mouths, then cry and wake up. :("
"Pros: arrived quickly. End of list.<br />cons: got 2 with same quote. Why would I want 2 identical pacifiers? Also, its a wide as my child's face. it may be useable in a year. But then ill still have a duplicate to hang out in the drawer unused. Maybe someday ill go to a baby shower for a giant."
One of the Pacifiers has some sort of hole or leak in it. You can hear the air when the baby sucks it.
"My baby loves the MAM brands of nuks, and when he wakes up crying at night we constantly feel around his crib searching for a nuk. So, we thought we would give these a try. They keep their charge about 15 minutes. I have even left in a window all day to &#34;charge&#34; and it still fades so quickly. We still use them, because the baby still likes the nuk, but the glow in the dark part is worthless."
The soother wasn't sewed in all the way...
"Glow in the dark??  Please.  I was so excited when I saw these... Nothing is worse than dusting the floor with your pajamas as you blindly thrash under the crib in search of the pacifier trying to get the baby back to sleep.  This seemed like the perfect solution.<br />Sadly, these barely glow-- and, even worse, neither of my children will use it (I have never seen my 20 month old turn down a pacifier).  Just keep a spare pacifier ready for those late night wake ups."
These are very disappointing. They leave lots of residue behind.
did not work. followed directions and tried online resources too. no go
does not adjust enough to point down.
My daughter just wouldn't take them.
These are curved so they leave red marks on my 1 month olds's little cheeks :(
Ordered 2. One of the packs was not translucent.
"It's small and my baby saw it, threw it on the ground, and never wanted to look at it again."
"i purchased this monitor off my own registry since it was expensive and no one opted to buy it for us.  we didn't open it until 3 months later when our baby slept in the nursery rather than in a bassinet beside our bed, so the return date had unfortunately passed.  although the range and night-vision is adequate, even on the lowest volume setting the background/feedback noise is so loud, it is impossible to sleep with it on.  it makes that high-pitched annoying sound florescent lights often make.  in addition, the screen does not automatically come on when noise activates it, so i have to fumble in the dark to press a button to view the baby.  my husband found a great deal on another monitor so we've used that one instead and i'm stuck with this expensive purchase that we don't use."
Baby didn't take it.
My daughter didn't care for this style of binky. The hard plastic left marks on her face.
I love this brand however I thought I was getting blue for my son and I was sent pink ones. Very disappointed
"Plastic is too hard and flat, sticks out too much on the sides."
not practical
"Not what i expected, kinda big for babies face.."
doesn't stay on slanted back window.
"i like it , but it has  i like it , but it has a little scratch ."
i have to use 2
"If you're desperate for sleep and looking for a solution to your baby losing the pacifier at night, save your money and rest assured that the time when baby can put the pacifier back in without help WILL come. Here's why you should skip the wubbanubs :<br /><br />1.  They're too small and lightweight to really hold the pacifier in place.<br /><br />2.  They may contribute to the problem.  My son yanks on the animal and then ends up with a leg or ear in his mouth,  crying in frustration. The animal is just another means for pulling out the paci.<br /><br />3.  The cleaning instructions for the pacifier and the plush part are different,  which makes no sense since the pacifier is sewn on.<br /><br />It got a two star rating because they are cute and double as a toy."
I wish I had seen a picture of the nipple shape before purchasing. It is not shaped like other Avent pacifiers that we use and therefore my baby isn't into it.
"I did not read the description well enough, but was very disappointed to find that the bink is stitched into the stuffed animal.  Not easy to truly sanitize, so I returned."
One came broken with hole at the tip and baby took in a lot of air and we ended up with a rough night....no sleep...baby was fussy all night...
"needed a stroller for two and did not want to spend a lot of money.  the stroller has many good features and i like the fact that it is bright orange (you can spot it in a sea of other stollers at the amusement park!) but is very bulking, heavy, and worst off, very hard to maneuver.  i am a 215lb average strength (althletic) male and i need to use all of my strength and weight to push it around; my wife is significantly smaller so imagine how difficult it is for her.  the biggest factor is that the front wheels has a bar that supposed to allow the wheels to either lock into one position or spin.  but in the unlocked/spin position it is so tight that you either have to lift the front end to turn or use all of your strength/weight.  i would not recommend this item."
I love these pacifiers! I had a hard time finding any past 3 months though. Came across these and though I hit the lottery!...when they got to my house they were def 0-3 mo:/ I was upset to say the least!
baby doesn't like it and never use it
Baby didnt like them
these will not stay stuck to our marble walk in shower.  put them on s directed and within 20 minutes they fall off.  tried 4 different times to get to stick.
I bought it as a baby shower present and the product looked okay but the packaging was disappointing.  The plastic bag it was in looked to be about 5+ years old.  It made it look like I had bought it years ago and stuck it somewhere until I found a use for it.  Personally because of the packaging I am not sure that I would want a baby to use the pacifier.
The longhorn looks awful! Smooshed face. Not as cute as photograph here and really doesn't look like much of a longhorn at all.
"bought this bumper in grey. this bumper has a nice grey color....the bumper just seems lacking in cushion and height, and the strings seem short and the material feels cheap....it kinda gaps and sags here and there....it's definitely not a nice luxury comfy bumper....maybe it's just meant for looks? my child always scrunches the bumper by standing on or kicking it. it's usually all bunched and scrunched by morning. i kinda feel that i wasted my money, but it was the only solid grey i found that would not break the bank."
baby doesn't like it
extremely long very awkward to wrap around body.
"a bit thin, my son never took to it."
"it was almost impossible to open up the lasso tag to pull out the tag that was blocking the battery.  once i got it synced with my iphone 5c, i didn't feel like it was working properly.  i attached the lasso tag to my car keys.  when i got within 10 feet, a beep went off.  it should work up to 50 feet it said, but that's not true for me.  really don't like it and hope to return it for full refund."
broke after  a few uses.
Colors are not as shown....
Ok.i wouldn't buy again
"Will fit 1 pacifier (2 if you cram them in there).<br />This is EXTREMELY difficult to open, but it does stay shut just being thrown into a purse or diaper bag and jostled around."
This item does not say that colors may vary. I received two pink pacifiers for my son. They work the same but still...
Runs very small. Son is 3lbs & 4&#34; smaller than the 'fits' size for sm/med and it's still too small.
the railing would not stay put on my child's bed. i returned it and will look for a different model.
"they came dented and dirty, and if you screw the lid on tightly no liquid will come out. i was also hoping for a stainless steal interior with the cap but it is also plastic."
by the time i received them two months later. my baby was not even crawling anymore he was walking .
my 9 month old has a belly and these bibs do not work for her. they are too stiff and don't allow her to be fully pushed into the table or highchair. she kept trying to pull them off because they were uncomfortable.
"i brought recently the philips avent 3 in 1, and at first was operating ok, but i few days ago it does not work.<br />i always use this brand and never have this problem before.<br />i very disappointed."
"my baby don't like it at all,too hard"
very firm for baby
"we thought we'd use this all the time, but honestly, it's not worth the hassle of attaching it to the megaseat. you have to buckle baby into the seat, then attach the tray (especially if you got the megaseat instead of the bumbo because your baby's a chubby bunny who can't just slide in). but there's no catch or click or snap; you sort of push the two parts into place, and the bottom piece has to slide underneath the seat. so you're trying to lift the seat up with the fussy baby in it while attempting to finagle two tray pieces into place... it's not easy. this tray is just not very well-designed."
they were way too little
"I don't like that the nipple is completely sealed, which means there is a bubble of air in it, unlike other brands I've tried.<br />It also seams to wear out fast... By that I mean it starts to change colors at the base and I feel like I have to replace it sooner than other brands."
They glow for a very short time.
"Way smaller/ cheaper looking then i imagined.  I had in mind a tradintional beanie baby size/ weight/ quality .  It's a very small, lightweight stuffed toy. Reminded me of something youd get out of a claw machine. pacifier was fine though typical size and quality."
"mattress would have been fine, but it was shipped in a box that was too small, so it had to be folded over.  the mattress does not lie flat, and the surface is bunched up and not smooth.  you can feel the ridges even with the mattress cover on.  we could not return it bec we needed it immediately (we had shipped it ahead to a vacation home, and we arrived at night, so our baby had nowhere else to sleep), but we would have returned it otherwise."
overrated.
I think it is too expensive for what you get. I was disappointment in the quality.
"The ones I got in the mail don't even look like these the base plate of these are solid blue doesnt have the red stripe, the logo is a lot smaller...and they seem pretty cheap built."
Pacifier keeps falling off.
"Very disappointed. I searched for girl pacifiers and was excited to find the &#34;dots&#34; pattern pictured. When delivered, they were boy animal print. The patterns received weren't even pictured as a choice in the listing. Misleading!!!"
Not as pictured
baby didn't want anything to do with it
The babies wouldn't take them.
the nursing baby does not like...
very small nipple size.  Get the next size up.
"plays 1 line of twelve songs, not 12 songs! works, and my two month old doesn't care but the parents find it a little annoying."
"really disappointed. we did a ton of research to find the best mattress - our priorities were relatively high number of coils, low (stronger) gauge for coils and for border rods (this mattress supposedly has 204 coils, 15.5 gauge, with 6 gauge border wire), and square corners. our box came mangled, the mattress twisted and with a s pronounced bulge running down length of infant side. also, the corner supports are not in the corners but in 3 inches - very dangerous! border wire imperceptible, and the whole thing doesn't feel &#34;firm&#34; so much as &#34;cushy.&#34; seems like this had a rough life before it got to us, but we are not confident that a replacement would address the other strength defects."
"Same as other 1-star reviews, I got the purple and pink ones for my son!!!"
Novelty item. Baby hates it.
"Because the base of the pacifier is round (i.e., there is no cut out for the baby's nose) and quite thick, it bashes the baby in the nose when she sucks , which -- to put it mildly -- she hates."
The middle of the paci has bumps - and the nipple is weird - my son doesn't like them.
flimsy
can't get them to roll back up so they really don't get used. don't know if i'm doing something wrong but it shouldn't be that complicated if so.
these shrink bad in the wash.
"i ordered two of these for my 8 month old twins.  i was excited to see ones that worked with the avent soothie pacifiers.  unfortunately, they don't stay on them.  within a few minutes, my babies had a stuffed toy in one hand and a pacifier in the other.  maybe they'd work better with other brands, but their big selling point was that they worked with the soothies.  used them for less than a day - what a waste."
"this sheet is soft, but poor quality. after a few washes, the elastic lost its stretch and the stitching has become frayed."
these only work with very minimal leakage. i have woken up several times with a wet bra (and not because the pads werent on properly) definitely not good for overnight..
"i ordered these cups for my son.  when i received them, i got a 2-pack of pink cups.  granted, the description does say colors may vary, but you would think if i ordered masculine looking cups, i'd get something in masculine or at the very least neutral colors....not pink.  well, i guess this boy will be getting in touch with his feminine side....again!  poor guy, he was finally going to get something new, not hand-me-downs from his sister!"
"i look forward to using this once my baby gets a bit older, but it doesn't work so well with a newborn with no neck control. also, the giant stickers that cover the entire tub are so infuriating. you would need a gallon of goo gone to get rid of them."
the replacement attachments are a single piece of plastic and do not come apart.<br /><br />this means that if you need 2 different sizes you are sol since it's all 1-piece.
"Baby wouldn't take any pacifier other than the Soothee. This one was too slippery plastic for sure (not matte finish like the Soothe) and kept sliding around his mouth. The Flex action was also annoying because if you put your finger in the hole you could push it too far down his throat, which we only did once before we learned our lesson."
"i have had this monitor for 8 months, and although i love the quality and features, i am very unhappy with it recently. it all of a sudden doesn't hold a charge, and i have made several attempts to fix it. it is rendered useless and i'm monitorless. i recently just email the company and waiting on feedback. i hope there is something they can do because back in april i spent 140.00 on this monitor and did not expect it to last less then a year."
"Useless thing. Very flimsy and uncomfortable to use when you have a baby crying, falls off the stroller, opens easily."
nothing on the tray to keep the bottles up. smells like something is burning while it steams.
the suckers sucked. sorry it doesn't stick. i got what i payed for.
Snap keeps coming undone and have almost lost it several times.
They are VERY hard.
YOU cant use in the bottle warmer.
not large enough for a baby tote bag ! need to return the item. pattern and color not attractive.
Hard to suck
"it does what it claims to do but ours has a big dent. not sure if it came that way but it gets worse when we pull out the bags (it creates a suction when the bag is full). metal container is very thin, so thin that we push the dents back out."
My daughter didn't care for these. They have an odd shape to them.
"My son uses Dr Brown's bottles for every feeding. So I bought these pacifiers for him but he rejected them and still only take<br />Philips 2 Pack AVENT Soothie Pacifier, Blue, 0-3 Months"
"Bought the wrong, I thought it was NUK'sy baby doesn't like"
This product seems different than the others Tabby Kitten Wubbanubs I have had for the past year and a half?? My daughter wont even use it and the color is also different. Im not pleased with it
My baby just doesn't like this paci. She seems to like to chew on it since she is teething. Otherwise we could not get her to take it instead of her other brand. The size and shape seem to be difficult for her to latch on to for a long period and she was 5 months when I gave it to her. Oh well. Don't waste your money.
i don't choose color.
its not clear enough
"cute design. sadly it is very difficult to put-up and teardown. i also have the graco version, and i prefer it."
baby would swipe hand and knock it out of her mouth.
When they say colors very they mean it. I got pink and red. And I have a boy. :(
My baby wouldn't take these but he hasn't taken other pacifiers either.
it's too firm.
"Plastic too hard, novelty item but will not use"
These were too big for my three week-old daughter's mouth. :/ She wouldn't even take them.
"Soothie pacifiers caused nipple confusion for my little one... Her latch is fine again now, but boy that was lame. The pacifier is too hard so the nipple goes straight up to roof of the baby's mouth, triggering a sucking reflex like no other so they can't get a satisfying latch onto anything else. Lame lame lame. The stuffed animal is really sweet though. :)"
EXPECTED CARDBOARD BACKING!!!
wouldn't stay locked after awhile.
rubber feet came off after a few days.
this was way too small for me and i'm not that tall. i returned it.
the mattress is hard and thin for the pack and play. i find myself having to really bend over and reach in order to put the baby down for a nap. i returned it and bough the 5&#34; dream on me playard spring mattress. this is more like my regular crib mattress
"fits poorly on a chair, collapses often."
It fell apart within a couple of times of using it.
my baby has started using these tethers like nunchucks.  its a bit too scary and ive had to take them away from her.
"low cost, low quality, makes due but it can be difficult to put in place"
"i bought this monitor for the range of 300 mts. it claims to have. however, when tested by placing the camera in baby's room and monitor in my room, the signal was lost ... and they are contiguous rooms!<br />my apartment has less than 150 m2 so the monitor should work throughout the house, however it only works in the nursery nearby places.<br />we are disappointed with the purchase, because we made the effort to bring it to peru with the illusion of having a good monitor for our baby."
Baby hates them.
My baby just doesn't like this pacifier at all.
"the projector stopped working after less than 4 months!!!  very disappointing!  now my 2 year old cries at night for the pictures of the fish to work but it's broken.  more of a headache than it was worth.  however, amazon just allowed me to return this item so kudos to amazon's customer service team."
it arrived cracked :( the overall size seems slightly small and more appropriate for baby bums as opposed to toddler bums.
too small
the labels are difficult to remove from the paper which is annoying.
too hard to even squeeze to use
suction on pump much worse with these.
The color is not the same the the lips/gums looked red
"Was a little disappointed that there was no weight to this, only fabric so it was no help at all to keep my son from spitting the paci out anyways."
bought for my grandson who was teething.  did not work like it said it would.
Not a fan of the product but can't complain about the shipping or price. I later learned that these are not preferred by breastfed babies
The color was not as described or shown on picture disappointing! Need it to match a black zebra print not grey
Did not come as pictured
Hard to find in dark.
not worth it for the price
i actually bought a different pattern. not sure why it is now dinosaurs but i bought one with pink and brown and green dots and birds and flowers. super cheaply made. i gave it 2 stars because it survived my daughter's crib time (she's now almost four) but it was literally trash afterward and looked awful even after the first wash.
i was hoping to use this for a stroller that does not have a snack area for the child. it does not work for that but since that is not the intended purpose for the product im not too mad about it.
my baby didn't like it to be swaddle in this. i rather use a cotton blanket.
"Great because it stays put in babies mouth. Bad because it's hard to wash, would be Muhammad easier if stuffed giraffe could be detached. Also stuffing comes out of giraffe and gets on babies hands which of course go into their mouths."
"We got this because our little one was always losing her binki, I didn't realize when I purchased it that the binki on it is permenately attached, which makes it hard to properly sanitize/wash and my little one doesn't care of this  type of binki so she just plays with the toy instead. We got a silly buddy instead which has a velcro spot for the binki and that works out great."
Very thick and bulky. My son hates these and refuses to use them. These pacifiers are nothing like the 0-3 months.
"I bought this as part of a baby shower gift. I don't know how I'm going to give this to my friend, as the packaging is disgusting.. it came in a dirty bag... and it looks like a Happy Meal toy. Save your money!"
"I received a jolly pop pacifier in the mail, not a Hawaii medical one. I was so disappointed but I guess the only good side to all this is that it wasn't stiff like the gumdrops from walmart and it was bpa free. But why advertise something false?"
"huge fan of all Philips products i thought i would give this a try, my son did not like it, he made such a silly face every time I would put it in his mouth, he would take it out almost immediately. not a good fit for us."
"I have ordered these MAM products (colors may vary) three times now, and every single time we have received pink ones.. I find that to be very odd and annoying."
The pacifier came apart from the stitching onto the lamb within just a week.:-( I had to reattach it with supper glue.
"I dont know if it was out kids or what, however we couldnt get either of them to use this thing."
This is harder than I thought it would be from the reviews and awkward with the plunger.  My son was not fooled!
very disappointed on this one.  we need it for my husband to hold onto to enter the bath and it doesn't stick.  it will loose suction at random times and you'll hear it crashing down into the tub.  it's on smooth ceramic tiles as well.  it should stay put.  not happy with this purchase.
"when i ordered the above dog, i got a bear instead, when this is your child's lovey it actually makes a difference. i am not sure why i received the wrong item. it was too late when i realized it so i couldn't return it."
"my son is 14 months, 23ish pounds and this barely fits him on the largest setting. the tabs are also weak. meaning they stretch out and become very thin if that makes sense,"
The bags are way too thin.  I like double layered wet and dry bags.  They don't have zippers either. The little one is way too small.  Over priced too.  Not a good purchase for me. I did like the colors and animal print.
"the top part is thin hard plastic..  husband and I was afraid it'll hurt baby's gum ,.. when your baby reaches 4 months they put anything in their mouth.. they won't know how to put it the right way.. or when you help them put it in .. obviously it won't stay put.. they take it out and they love to examine what it is and the texture of it.. so therefore they put it back in their mouth but sometimes it just does't always end up the right way.. so the hard plastic that we're afraid of, might hurt baby's growing teeth and his gums.. so we didn't really like it.. but the glow in the dark was pretty alright.."
"i was trying to do some cost-cutting...instead i did some nipple cutting. it took forever (about 25 minutes) to pump 3-4oz with this thing (unless i was already at max and pouring out naturally). and because i would try to speed up the process, i would turn it to its highest setting, and it was painful. i didn't actually cut myself on the pump but i would be pretty sore after sitting there pumping for that long. and its so loud- especially if its a quiet house! it would sometimes wake up my sleeping baby upstairs! for the price i guess its what i got what i paid for. i have a medella now and it literally takes 5-10 minutes to pump 5-6 oz."
i wish they were thicker. i still use them but will not be buying a second pack. i do like that they are soft but not very absorbent and often need a second wipe to finish the job.
"i saw this on some lady's blog as a &#34;must have&#34; for new moms. so i bought it. call me crazy, but i just give my kid a bath. i wipe her face and neck with a warm washcloth each night before bed and give her a bath everyother night. i don't really see why anyone would need this... it's not that the product is bad, i just think it's useless."
we still had to use hands to open be/c hitting it with your knee hurts. also the plastic foot peddle started to warp after a few months of use.
we are very disappointed with these bottles as we expected much higher quality.  the paint chipped & faded very quickly.  some of the bottle/lid combinations don't work together as the bottom of the lid will hit the bottle rim before it's tight enough to form a seal.
if you plan on breastfeeding your baby i highly highly recommend purchasing a my brest friend nursing pillow.  there is no support with a boppy pillow and if you are new to breastfeeding it can be quite a challenge. my baby often times would slip through and i'd have to hunch over to hold him up.  its extremely uncomfortable and hard on your back and shoulders etc  etc.  get the my brest friend..you won't regret it!
"the materials are nice and so id the size - it does cover the entire seat, but the tape does not stick well enough to keep it in place so every use turns into a struggle to keep the cover covering the seat.<br />i will not be buying this brand again :("
purchased these buy they were too difficult to see from outside the vehicle.  decided to get exterior decals instead.  these are also pretty small.
my son hated them from the beginning and they are not that useful because food slides on them and they are small so it ends up on their lap...plus they are sized for children with extra slim necks!<br />i used them twice and will give them away. waste of money.
"first of all, this seemed like a good crib mattress. however, it was advertised to fit the pack and play play-yard and it did not fit well.<br />the length fit, the width did not, leaving gaps on either side. unfortunately, the gaps can be dangerous for an infant who may fall into them at night and be unable to raise themselves out."
I was excited to buy this and was disappointed when actually using it.  There's a chance it might work better for other babies.  Didn't work for my little guy.
"These are not really the style  we like, it is very thin and baby isn't liking it.  Would rather it was more llike the bottles."
"This is a product that a child is going to put in his/her mouth, but it didn't even come packaged!  The supplier just put the item, unwrapped and unpackaged in an envelope and mailed it.  I intended this to be a gift for a friend's new baby, but I'm not about to give her a random pacifier that isn't even packaged!!"
I like the size and it holds a pacifier but it is really hard to open any time I need to get a pacifier.
"i don't know that we have a non-standard oven, but this definitely does not work on our oven, and i can't imagine a way that it would work on any oven."
Apparently Amazon CHOOSES what colors they have in stock. I ordered this orange/green combo pacifier and they sent me a red/blue combo. Of course I was NOT happy about that. I kept them to save me the trouble of having to contact someone and return it.
My baby loves this pacifer but I don't give it to her because the sides are not meant for her big cheeks. She always had red marks on the sides on her face from it. I tried size one and two.
"I ordered this set when my triplets were sick.  They hate having their temperature taken, and equally hate taking medicine.  I had hoped that if the thermometer and medicine dispenser were in the form of a pacifier they would take them.  They didn't.  :|  I'm sure the product works fine for others, but NOT ONE of my trio would take either the thermometer or the medicine dispenser."
these units worked great for a while.<br />after a few months they do not link to the parent unit anymore.<br />how can amazon allow such a crap product to be sold at its marketplace?
My pediatrician didn't recommend to use pacifier thermometers on newborns... Too bad it's too Late to return it... Will see if medicines dispenser will be useful
this item was broken when i received it so i had to send it back! i would not recommend it!
I don't like the look of the bear personally. My daughter doesn't use it either. The pacifier sits weird in the bear's hand.
"i followed all the directions and now, a little over 6 months later and its all peeling off :( the kids are so disappointed - and i am out all that money :("
"i bought my sister this diaper bag.  i bought it by virtue of the strength of the gerber brand and the price [; i have always associated the name gerber with being a quality baby brand.  boy, was i wrong! by the time my nephew was 3 months old my sister had to be shopping for baby bag! the fabric tore in the seam long the upper edge of the bag! obviously the fabric had dry rot! this bag must have been in storage fro a long time.<br /><br />pros: the additional bag and container for wet wipes were good ideas; the size is also good.<br /><br />i would not recommend this product."
I am not very happy with this purchase. It is the smallest version I have ever seen. No bigger than my hand. Very Dissappointed.
"It's not that I didn't like them, baby didn't. Nipple was way too small, he never took them. He is breastfed and his previous pacifier was a Hevea one."
"We clipped this to our skip hop changing bag and lost it n our first outing with in 20 minutes. It should velcro not snap. Don't waste your money. Lost this, plus pacifier and clip.. $$$$$$$$ I don't need to repeat that loss again!"
The bottom part to the container likes to fall off.  Pretty annoying... But could have been just mine from shipping or warehouse.
"I received the wrong thingsot the one i ordered,i don't like it,I am abroad, return not convenient, otherwise I will return"
this will do the job but it's really big and baggy looking. we gave it away to a friend who wanted it and i'm going to make something for my daugter's room.
"These were OK, but after about 2 weeks they started to mildew at the base which would not come off, had to toss them."
"just used this once when checking out the hospital with our maxi cosy car seat. after 2 weeks, we tried to use it again but the baby felt irritated because the fabric is not breathable too"
"i like it because you can slide the stainless cup out and use it just as a glass also...but way too pricey. i can go to target and get a stainless steel thermos cup with straw for $13.  just saying....  after having 2 of these cups for months,  the tabs have broken on both cups 1 on each.  makes a secure closure impossible.  but i do use the inside stainless steel cup just as a cp and not a sippy anymore."
so i typed in &#34;Vanilla soothie&#34; and these came up... except they aren't vanilla scented.  I was looking for something that might work for my LO and the vanilla soothies were suggested and I couldn't find them in my small town... except when these came they were just regular soothies.
"i received the wet bag, but the pacifier pouch was not with it, even though the shipping label said it should be. the zipper on the bag is poor quality as well. i would not purchase this again."
"this mirror moves, and it is very annoying to constantly have to adjust it. i do like the size of it but that is about it."
"I have to admit that I should be happy as this is one of the only pacifier my daughter likes... but I just hate that every time she uses it, it leaves marks on her face because of how the plastic part is shaped :(<br />But the inner part she loves, so I am doomed to use it!"
kid spits it out every time. Can't sterilize it in a steamer cuz it's got metal parts on it.  Blagh
"these are too small and not very soft, even with many washings. cute designs but not practical enough. very disappointed."
"doesn't stay in baby's mouth, doesn't keep cold after taking it out of the freezer to help soothe gums, doesn't work and baby didn't like it."
too heavy and short. it was not able to cover the entire seat area. we end up have to buy another one.
would recommend other washable manufacturers. the liner that ones with this is too thin therefore can't hold pees longer had ro change asap.
"purchased it for thigh friction, but there seems to be something in it that irritates me. doesn't work for me."
"i bought this expecting that a special graco accessory would do something more than the receiving blankets i was using to cover the changing station, like being impermeable and protecting the sides of the changing station from getting wet. however it does none of it. i'ts just big enough to cover the vinyl base, and it doesn't even adhere to it. not worth the 10 bucks, save your money and just stick to the blankets."
"These do not glow in the dark as they are described to. We even ensure that binks are under light to show up at night...no dice. At least they are still MAM so our little guy will take them, just not what we anticipated."
"Hello, I ordered this pacifier pod strawberry burst to match my diaper bag however it came in with a different colour. In other words, the product designed was not the one ordered."
"i wash these before i make burp cloths.  they were nubby out of the dryer.  i won't put them on a baby, or use them for burp cloths"
These are nice pacifiers but I don't like that I can't pick the colors. I got girl colors that I can't use now because I have a boy... What a waste. Guess I will have to use them for a baby shower gift one day :(
"i loved the reviews on this product and so i have even purchased this as a gift in the past. i wish i didn't. when my little guy got old enough to need a mat, i found the design awkward and the suction cups would not stick to our wood table. the food catcher is in the way of my baby eating. seems like a design flaw."
love the blanket but after just one wash the corners started wearing out. looks like the plastic started peeling and can be very dangerous if swallowed by an infant!
"Only comes with two, not four (my bad for not reading closely). Also, like most pacifiers sold on Amazon it is &#34;colors/style will vary.&#34; The two that arrived didn't look like any of the pictures."
"i know it says &#34;colors may very&#34;, but i was expecting at least some shade of pink for my daughter. i ended up with two blue sippy cups.... thanks a lot...."
It is a good think the mustache is find of flimsy and allowed us to pull it off the soother. Our baby hated the nipple part on it so we pulled off the stash and added it to one he really likes. We get giggles and awhs everywhere we go.
"i got these for my baby's cloth diapers, however they don't absorb all of my baby's urine, i made some out of cotton batting and it works better than these expensive, practically useless things."
"thats what my son is in this, doesnt really care for them. got them 3 days ago and he will chew on them less than once a day. pretty bummed because hes teething like crazy."
"i just recive 2, in the picture there are 4 and i wish you send the same that have the pictures"
Ordered &#34;colors may vary&#34; hoping they'd be blue or green. They are pink which render them useless for my little boy. Waste of money.
"i do like the medela bottles for collecting and storing milk, but when i tried to use these nipples to feed my 3 month old baby it was horrible. she was so full of gas that it was as if she were 2 weeks all over again. i have been using medela calma nipple and that one doesn't have gas issues but it has very strong flow and causes her to cough a  few times during the feeding. not to mention it's ridiculously expensive."
"A few days after I received the duck paci in the mail, the black stitching for the ducks eyes began falling out. Sort,y afterward a yellow thread started coming out.  It looks awful."
"my daughter wont eat the food that is suppose to be hot like soup or stews unless is hot, so half of the days she comes back with the thermos full. very disappointed."
"While she doesn't seem to be suffocating, these pacifiers don't seem to have a deep enough cut out for my daughter's nose. It seems like it must be uncomfortable. I am really disappointed because she loves the older model of this pacifier (hand me downs from her sister) but I can't find them anywhere now!"
the product description stated there were two plates in the order.  we only received one and it was not one of the plates pictured.
"when I received this two pacifier pack, I did not open and checked it immediately. My mother opened it and noticed that one of the pacifier is damaged. I emailed the seller about returning these. The reply asked me to take a picture of the damage. I did it and emailed back, ended up as getting refund for half of the price. I sounds making sense. It was just not a happy shopping experience."
"we purchased 2 gaits. i had read they are not easy to install, so was ready for that. however, after a little while the individual bars began to break down and fall out, once it started it was a domino effect. they are all out of use at this point."
it was way too small for the ingenuity pack and play. it is way too thin and makes a lot of noise when baby moves
"what i don't like:<br />the size is on the small side. the bib itself as well as the opening for the neck.<br />the size of the velcro and the part that attaches to the velcro do not match, so the extra velcro scratched my son's face when he moved his bead in that direction.<br />the appliques that are attached to the closure part are so hard and rough. it also scratched my son's face when he moved, so i went ahead and cut them off each one with a scissor.<br />the material is on the thin side. there are times where it would literally be soaked after a feeding.<br />after a few washes, the material shriveled up and started to fuzz.<br /><br />i do not see myself reaching for these bibs at all. i only use them when i need to do laundry and have nothing else to use."
"this does not fit the standard car. i feel its for an suv or something else. maybe they should put &#34;just for jeeps&#34; or something in the title. anyway it doesnt stay up, lasted me about 2 weeks before i finally gave up and threw it away."
"we got the bean bag chair 3 days before christmas and were very disappointed, the chair was almost flat.  we had to buy a bag of beans to fill it up.  when we opened the bean bag to find crumbled styrofoam, not even bean bag beans.  we had bought this for our 8 year old granddaughter.  i wouldn't recommend to others to purchase.  we would have been better off getting a $15 bean bag from walmart."
i am unhappy because the product did not color i requested. of course this was a long time ago but for reasons that are irrelevant had failed qualify
"tried folding  the stroller with this attached and it doesnt fold, you need to take it off in order to fold it!"
"My kids have absolutely adored these pacifiers. My daughter who is now 5 used the mam pacifiers and now they are the only ones my 6 month old will take. I cannot say enough good things about them. I am however very disappointed in the color we received. I chose to order from this particular one because I could choose the color where most I came across said colors will vary and I didn't want to chance it. I got them yesterday and they were not the green I requested, but very pink. I will be returning them, and will look else where to purchase. I am highly disappointed that they gave me a choice than ignored it. Just beware that this could happen.<br /><br />Just wanted to update that I contacted the seller and they exchanged for boy colors and did it very fast and wereggreat about it."
"My toddler will only take the Binky that is pictured. The ones I received are ANGLED Binkys and she refuses to take them. I thought maybe I ordered the angled ones in error because I was so excited about the price (the ones pictured are selling for MUCH HIGHER because Playtex has discontinued them) but upon looking at the advertised photo once again, I see that it wasn't my error.  It was a major disappointment to receive the wrong Binkys.  I could purchase the angled ones anywhere, for less than what I paid for these. Nonetheless, it was a waste of money because they are just sitting in a container with the rest of the pacifiers my baby has rejected."
"i thought these looked pretty cool when i first saw them, but once i got them i realized not only are they lame, but they are annoying as well.  the only part that glows in the dark is the dinky little handle...on top of that, the shape of the pacifier makes it so they are only meant to go one direction, with the flat side up.  this is annoying, especially fumbling around and trying to get it back in the baby's mouth at night.  get the ones that aren't curved on the bottom so they work either direction."
"Sadly, even though i was keen on my boy using this natural pacifier, he never liked it. It was too big and uncomfortable for him, and he kept spitting it out.  A big minus is that it does not have a cap to protect it when it is not being used."
"These are not the &#34;real&#34; gumdrops like you might get at the hospital. The nipple isn't textured, so it's harder for babies to keep in their mouths. My daughter won't take these, but does take the near-identical &#34;real&#34; gumdrop pacifiers."
my daughter hated being inside so we never used it.. the product itself was really cool though. hopefully my next child won't mind being inside.. wish it had a cover to block the sun though.
"it's very cute and all, but it should really say somewhere that it will not work on textured walls. maybe that's common sense to some, but it wasn't to me and i was very disappointed."
"this utensil is study, but spoon is very shallow and fork is almost useless. my 2 year old is not able to pick up any foods using the spoon and fork..."
"The pacifiers came in a little sealed plastic case, which unfortunately, had dirt all over the outside of it.  Then what was worse, was there was dirt in the inside of the case, where the pacifiers were.  In addition, there was also something that looked like a little seed or a dead tiny bug. I'm not sure what it was. It was really gross.  I returned it to amazon and also emailed nuby just letting them know.  I don't know how it got inside of the packaging.  Other than that, the pacifiers are decent. I have a few others that are identical i bought elsewhere.  It's nice that the water can't get trapped in the nipple like so many other pacifiers, but there is still something to hold onto.  I have a baby boy and of course, like others, received pink and purple in color.  Annoying, but I'd just use around the house if I had to. But as it was, I would never use them because of the dead bug or seed and dirt inside of it.  I would have rated higher on the pacifiers themselves, if they were clean. I took a picture and sent to nuby, so maybe will attach here some day if I figure out how."
"I bought this pacifiers because I wanted some colored ones. Item description said color may vary, but instead received transparent ones! I didn't mind any color, but a COLOR at least. Very disappointed to receive both transparent."
disappointed that there were no instructions on how to put the child in the trailer. it was confusing since i've never used one before. one of the lower straps had a broken ring and the belt buckle didn't click well; i was concerned my daughter would get out of the straps. she slipped down and out of the shoulder straps. we will have to use pillows to prop her up and can't currently use one side since that ring is broken.
My daughter loves the NUK pacifiers but I was very unhappy recieving two packages of blue and green pacifiers when I thought I was getting pink and yellow!
"When I tried this on my 4-month old son, he spit it out right away, showing absolutely no interest in this type of pacifier.<br />So I thought the design must have something to do with it. Though I understand different babies prefer different types of pacifiers, this is still a disappointing experience."
"It is not easy to clean, and usually pacifiers need to be cleaned several times a day, but this one is attached to the duck"
"This pacifier did get delivered on time,however I ordered it in black,and the invoice that came with it also specified black yet a white one was sent.I dont have the time to send it back because the baby is on its way & I`m just too busy.After spending $10 on a pacifier you would think upon shipping the item would of been double checked especially since it was the only item ordered.What makes it worse is that I had already purchased a white one from a different seller.So now I have  :("
"I've used another brand and this one doesn't stay in baby's mouth, it goes flying out of his lips all too often and the base is just not shaped to baby's face. He prefers the other brand much better."
We used this for about 1 month...it would not stay snapped to our diaper bag so we had to store it inside the bag.  Then the zipper broke!  So now I am going to buy a different brand to replace it. Not happy with the quality. Could barely fit 2 Nuk pacifiers in it.
I have no complain about the product...but the baby just do not like it...she takes any pacifier bu not this one... donno why..
"i have the nosefrida and wanted an extra one so decided to try this since it was a bit cheaper and does not require the foam inserts. bad idea! you have to have powerful lungs to use this. i sucked and sucked and sucked and nothing comes on. one suck with my nosefrida and my baby's nose is clear. i really regret this purchase. the shape is weird since the force from the suction has to bend whereas the nosefrida, it goes straight so the force is not lessened as it reaches the nose. also the hole on the tip is smaller than nosefrida so it gets clogged during suctioning."
"when i placed a order to buy the high chair all the information i had was about the double pad, i printed the page and i can still see the following: chicco polly double pad highchair, however when i got the high chair i realized i was misleading by the amazon site, because they sent me the chicco polly high chair single pad-cloth, hazelwood. the wrong information i received is still in the amazon site!!!!"
"My son has been using this mattress for about six months now, he is 20lbs, 9 months old. It sinks wherever he is sitting or laying. It doesn't seem to provide him with any support which I didn't think was a big deal for a baby but when you  can literally see it sink where he is laying you have to wonder. Not recommended."
"So, I take responsibility for not reading the description well enough to realize that there are actually only 2 pacifiers but the picture gave the impression that there would be 4 pacifiers.  I am pretty disappointed.  The 2 stars is based solely on the item picture within Amazon.  We love these pacifiers and would give them 5 stars."
"I bought these for my son. I wanted the blue or the yellow ones but received the pink ones. It does say colors may vary, I did not notice that. It was very confusing that the pacifiers were displayed as blue. It should be possible to choose color. I don't want my son to have a pink pacifier. Blue for a girl is perfectly fine, but pink for a boy feels wrong to me. The pacifiers are great. Used them for both my other kids, but these ones will only be used for emergency cases."
"i have a basic single row power strip, and i couldn't shut the smaller side door or it would depress the power switch... therefore making this completely useless to me.     the snap buttons are hard to open and close, so it would be good to keep little fingers out, but i just couldnt use it for my power strip.     the stip i have is similar to this one,  <...>  but not exactly the same. mine is dark color and newer looking with spots labeled \\adapter\\ so you can plug in large plugs and not lose any outlet space."
"i run an inhome daycare and have two of these monitors. i have them both plugged in in the kitchen but have them across the room from each other because of interference. the sounds still bleeds into each other so if one kid is making noise in one room, i can hear it in both monitors. drives me crazy, making it hard to know which kid is awake. i bought these because of the low price and apparently, the quality reflects the cost. i will be splurging on higher quality monitors from now on."
"i ordered these based on the rave reviews, but i have to say i am not impressed with these liners compared to the grovia liners that we used prior to this.  yes, these are much softer, but they are a pain to pull out of the box one at a time, then unfolding it, laying it on a diaper, and getting diaper on whilst wrestling a baby is not an easy feat.  but the worst thing about these liners is that they stay so wet once my baby wets her diaper: the liner starts to dissolve and stick right to her bum, requiring me to peel it off her skin.  in the past week since we've started using this brand, her bottom has been very red.  coincidence?  maybe, but i'm not going to wait for a full blown diaper rash to find out.  i'm ordering the grovia liners again, and maybe we'll experiment with another brand for next time."
"I returned this product because, like another reviewer said, the colors were not as vibrant as the picture (particularly the orange) and the fabric was very thin."
"My daughter is 5 months old now but I have been trying to get her to take these pacifiers since she was born. She hates them :( She loves the ones that she got at the hospital...they are green soothies I think made by Advent?? Anyways, they are much softer. I wanted these for her because they have a cut out for the nose area (soothies don't) but they are too hard/firm for her I think. She just throws them now and spits them out immediately"
"I bought this for my 5 month old son because he likes having a paci at night as well as a stuffed animal. First of all, the paci on this is horrible and it is way to small for a 5 month old to hold in his mouth. Would be soo much better if it had a larger pacifier and a MAM type pacifier. Do not wast your money"
I was disappointed in this. It claims to accommodate 2 pacifiers but I could barely get one in. I am using the Soothie pacifiers.
The cases I recieved continually came open causing the pacifiers to fall out which was more inconvenient than having to dig them out of my diaper bag. Just not as durable as I had expected.
"Stella hated this bear and screamed at it! Will try it again when she is a little older,and if not then it will just be a toy."
"This product is really large (takes up my 4 month olds whole bottom half of her face), really bulky, and really heavy (which makes it tough for her to hold onto or keep in her mouth). I wouldn't recommend it for early teething babies. We may try again in a few months."
This pacifier weighs a lot and it is hard for my son to keep it in his mouth.
"1. It was not the same as the photo, but I was too lazy to contact Amazon about it.  2. Baby only likes it slightly."
"I accidentally bought these, and tried them with my baby anyhow. She doesn't like them at all. She prefers the Gerber NUK pacifiers."
"dont really like this one, it is to hard for him to get on, and the part for the boy doesnt work well. disappointed for the price."
