buttons interfere with handle.  always turning off
Gets the job done. Downfall is the bonnet connection keeps popping off so you must keep reattaching it.
The hose and bonnet  does not  stay connected  . It needs to have  way to lock it in place.
Too bulky.
This hair dryer is not adjustable and does not have enough heating power

Cord no longer retracts.
Longer than I thought it was from the picture.  Actual dimensions are needed.
Tended to make my hair frizz instead of curl
Would have preferred a stronger airflow
Underpowered.
The lower setting does not work
Cord doesn't retract all the way
The brush attachment doesn't work well through the hair
it doesn't work when I plugged it in it didn't work how do I return it
"Works well, I wish this could be much smaller"
The disk somehow smells like plastic
Only last for one year.
Yea
does the job
Excelente.!
Quite noisy compared to others we have had. Retraction cord has to be jiggled in order to retract.
Need to be very specific on hanging cord or inside wiring.
Connectors always comes off. Overheats. Put on medium setting and it gets the job done. Not 100% what I wanted but it works.
"The diffuser works well...when it isn't falling off my dryer. I just bought a Conair 276R Infiniti Pro Volume Dryer, and the diffuser starts to pop off the hair dryer once the unit warms up. I wouldn't recommend it for this hair dryer, but it might work well for others."
works well the only problem is the tip wont stay on
the bonnet is not big enought for big roller
The needles were not log enough.  I RETURNED IT
The only problem I have with this product is that the comb are not durable
Works well
My mother uses ever day
The attachments don't stay on too well and the cord is really short.
bulky and too noisy..
dood
Heat stops working sometimes. Still blows air.
"Tiny, almost toy like. Decided to stick it in the cabinet for an emergency backup."
"I thought it would be smaller, for traveling."
"The problem I have with this product is that even with a medium heat, the comb attachments melt. There is no warning on the manual whatsoever on what heat stand should be used in order to prevent the comb attachments from melting. I am grateful to Amazon for replacing my damaged items"
looking for something smaller than this to travel with.
until it stopped working (the nightlight still worked but the hair dryer would not turn on again) after a year of use. couldn't get through to anyone on the phone. finally had to return it and try another brand...
"We orde our 2nd hairdryer because same spot in the bathroom-hholes already.<br /><br />But the drer doesnt last , 1. Year"
The description says a diffuser is included but it is not in the box.<br />Heavy for person with arthritis.<br />Not so quiet.
Only lasted about a year and then burned up.  It is only used once a day or so and you would think it should last longer.
The hair dryer came to me without the brush attachment. I tried to obtain the brush even if I had<br />to pay for it. The seller was  not  helpful at all in me getting the attachment.
"I have had three of these hair dryers, and they last me about two years.  I like the convenience of having them on my bathroom wall."
gave them to my granddaughters for Easter  they use only HELLO KITTY hairdryers in college
"It does the job. I could use a bit longer razor, as it is a pretty small head. It's also a lot sharper than I thought it would be."
"My hair is curly, so I think this dryer is not so stronger for my hair."
"I am my 3rd of 4th one of these. In my experience, they usually last about 1-3 years of daily use before it dies and you have to buy a new one. It doesn't do anything fantastic for my hair, but it gets the job done. It is the only one that I have found on the market that has a retractable cord, and for that reason alone I continue to buy these. This time however, the cord stopped retracting about two months of using it, so that was really unfortunate :( Will continue to buy until I find something better at a decent price with a retractable cord!"
"I purchased this dryer to replace a 3-year-old Andis dryer that stopped working, and this one feels heavier, isn't as easy to use, and is not at all suitable for travel.  The heat and blower buttons are on two different panels, which some may like for the different possible combinations of settings but which I find difficult to adjust.  I'll keep it to use as a spare, but it's particularly disappointing because it was more expensive than my old dryer."
"This dryer is a bit larger than I expected but is very lightweight. I have a couple minor issues : there is no 'loop' attached to hang up the dryer and the cord is about a foot too short for my taste. It DOES dry my hair however, so all in all, it does the job."
I used to have a turbo power hair dryer which is very powerful but the 3000 is little bit dissappointing because the dryer is not strong enough and bigger than I thought.
I found everything goes well except the plug. Why the left and right is opposite and I have to put the plug upside down for charging!!! Another flaw is the big noise.
I wouldn't have minded paying this amount for the dryer but it's really not good for travel after all.  It's much too large and heavy for tucking into a carry-on bag.  The name Featherweight is a bit misleading: it was more like the whole chicken plus the feathers...  Have sent it back to Amazon.
"Base does not fit flat to the wall because of protruding round head screws on back of base. Remove screws before installation. One of these screws had broken it's plastic receiver anyway and was holding nothing. Mounting hardware (1 screw) missing and too small<br />to hold securely anyway. No mounting instructions. No drywall mollies. I actually like the dryer itself. Nice thick cord, decent power on high.  Low setting on the dryer is totally useless . If your handy like me you can make the installation work for a perfect fit."
The item was packaged well but we were missing the diffuser for some reason not sure what happened but package was received very quickly.
"I live at altitude in Colorado, and hair dryers can feel rather weak because there is less air to push through. This dryer is shaped for optimal delivery of air, and the airflow volume feels as powerful at altitude as most similarly priced consumer hair dryers at sea level. The retractable cord works well and makes the dryer packable for travel. I've been happy with this dryer for 9 months until today. I'm reducing the rating by 2 stars because the power switch failed and the only way to turn off the dryer is to unplug it. Could be worse, at least it still runs!"
"Mine malfunctions. A lot of times when I turn it on to low, it comes on on high and after a few seconds switches to low."
"This hairdryer is overpriced for the value.  I dropped it and pieces went flying.  I was able to put it back together but had to snap parts back in place.  Not worth the money, wish I would have got a less expensive hair dryer.  All hair dryers blow hot air, this one blows hot air for a large price tag.  Not impressed.  Would not recommend this product to a friend."
Dryer itself works ok. Packaging is horrible. It came in a broken box and a tangled unraveled cord. Not suitable for a gift. Ok if it's for your own personal use.
For me this hairdryer is a little heavy and takes longer to dry my hair than I expected. It's just okay.
"Works just fine.  I wish I had ordered a cord-keeper blow dryer, but that's my fault.    In terms of the color, it is white and black and not silver.  At least mine was."
"This is my only experience with an ionic hair dryer, so I have nothing with which to compare this one.  However, I bought it because I had several expections about its features.  Here is how each feature measured up:<br />Quicker?  NO.  It may even take a little longer than a standard 1875-watt dryer.  The reason is that the fan does not blow very hard.  The high setting blows about like the low setting on a standard dryer.<br />Reduced frizz/flyaways/static? YES.  These are significantly reduced.<br />Increased shine?  YES.  My hair is visibly shinier.<br />Quieter?  YES, but qualified.  The only reason it is quieter is because it doesn't blow air as hard as a regular dryer.<br />Freshens hair?  YES.  <br />Another drawback:  This dryer is very heavy.  It took me several days to get used to how heavy it is.<br />This dryer delivers almost all of what ionic hairdryers promise, but I was mostly hoping for a dryer to speed drying time.  If you have thin hair or hair that dries quickly or have plenty of time to dry your hair, then I would highly recommend this dryer.  My hair looks shinier and healthier."
"For the price (and based on other reviewers), I was expecting a lot more.  I have very long, thick hair and the Sedu Revolution does dry my hair faster (cut about 10 minutes off drying time); however, it actually makes my hair more frizzy!  Not good!!  The hair dryer is also heavy and loud!!!  Based on the packaging, it looks like I received a previously used blow dryer that someone else returned.  I would never recommend this blow dryer to anyone!"
"This is a decent little hairdryer for the cost. But from the picture, I thought it would be pink. It's not pink, it's red."
Not as much power as expected; cool-shot button is same temp as lowest heat setting. Thought it would be cooler like it was on my previous hair-dryer.
I hope it last long than the one I got last year
Worked well in Israel with adapter but only on low power despite changing the voltage. I thought I blew it out after only a few seconds on high power. Thankfully it worked on low a few minutes later when it cooled down. OverAll it did the job but def doesn't replace a real blow dryer.
I read all the great reviews and decided to give it a try. I was a little disappointed. It takes a little longer to dry instead of the faster way the review mentioned. It is also not as hot as my regular cheaper blower.
"You get what you pay for with this item.  It works with no issue,  but has very minimal power.  My hair is average thickness and shoulder length and it takes about ten to fifteen minutes to dry.  It's also not particularly hot.  It does get the job done though which is why I'm giving it three stars.  Spend a few extra bucks and get a better one."
"Take's forever to dry my hair. Which is median length. But I like, that it has a cold setting. And you don't have to hold a button, down. Which I really like. All, and all, for what I paid for it, it's okay."
"I haven't had the chance to use it yet, but it seems average as far as quality."
Did not last that long had to replace it with another brand. The heat element died too soon I thought.
The hose from the base to the bonnet is rather short.  Overall good quality for the price.
"Chose this dryer because of the good reviews. Has a few annoying features: double buttons (heat and speed) and hard not move both when one only needs to move one. Also not that strong and so doesn't dry very quickly. Finally, sometimes the concentrator falls off. However, it was not expenssive so you get what you pay for."
"I have a bad neck and muscle spasm in my left trapizius so it's difficult to lift my left arm. The blo and glo holds my hair dryer so I can use my right arm to style my hair. I only wish that it could be left up permantently on my mirror with my blow dryer in it, but it can't. It has to be removed after each use or it will fall down on its own - it happened the first time I used it. I didn't know I couldnt leave it up (even though the directions say to take it down after each use - I didn't read that far - my bad). So, other than the hassle of taking it down each time I am happy with this product."
"i bought this for my daughter.. she said the heat is good, but the blower is weak. she has long thick hair and it wasn't doing the job... she plans on keeping it though-she is cutting her hair short and feels it will work fine on shorter hair."
"The dryer is small but packs enough punch for my wife.  Installed the unit when we remodeled in 1998 and it just died this morning.  I'm buying another - since it will slide right into the space vacated by the old one I won't have any wallpaper issues to contend with and, for $20, its hard to beat the value."
It overheats on high after a little more than a minute of use - disappointing
"Yes the blow dryer works well to dry my  hair , but it didn't leave my hair smooth without frizz . It was also awkward to handle , the nozzle is long . I will go back to my old hair dryer !"
"This little dryer works well as a travel dryer, especially since it folds. However, as with most small dryers, the noise it makes is pretty horrifying - loud loud loud."
The Revlon works well enough.  It replaces  a Braun (?) machine that shorted out.  The Revlon is larger than I like but that is not a real problem.
"While preparing for a few weeks in Europe, my girlfriend mentioned bringing her hair dryer. I explained that hair dryers can't simply be plugged into an adapter. You need a complicated, often expensive, voltage converter that can handle the power draw of a high wattage appliance.<br /><br />I figured for the price of a converter we could likely just find a 220v hair dryer and then rather than carry her giant hair dryer, AND a bulky converter, we'd just have one compact device.<br /><br />As it turns out, we stayed in several hotels, and ALL OF THEM had hair dryers in them. We didn't need to bring anything at all. Moreover, this one is pretty weak, and the ones in the hotels tended to be much better.<br /><br />So my advice is this: if you're going to Europe, don't bother buying and packing a hair dryer. Just use the one in the hotel. And if you should happen to find yourself in a hotel that doesn't have one, you can probably buy something better than this one for about the same money while you're there, and you'll have saved yourself the hassle of packing it."
I would not buy this again.  It works well and does its purpose.  My complaints are it is heavy and loud!
"This is a powerful and very hot dryer if that's what your looking for. But it's heavy, really long with the concentrator on it, AND LOUD!!! Holy crap I'm going def"
After having it only 2 weeks the low blow cycle blew...I'll continue to use until the other blows but I won't buy another.
I am disappointed tha it is so large; not what I envisioned for a travel dryer. Certainly NOT Mini! Works ok at home.
"Very functional when it comes to keeping the clutter off the bathroom counter.  However I was disappointed that speed and temperature aren't controlled separately.  My hair gets dry very quickly, but ends up frizzy."
"I like the hairdryer, but am disappointed in the purchase. It was labeled as new, but when I got it I noticed that the filter already had quite a bit of lint buildup and there were little, cut hairs stuck to the velcro cord wrap. I got the feeling that maybe this item had been used in a salon. It looked pretty new, so perhaps it was used as a demo. The new description was therefore misleading."
"We received this product on time and in good condition.  However, after about one month the connector on the bonnet came loose from the bonnet.  Poor job of attaching this during manufacturing.  Now must replace the bonnet and connector and having an awful time finding out where they may be purchased/replaced under warranty.  Does ANYBODY out there have any idea on where to go?[[ASIN:B000BBGS40 Hot Tools Professional 800 Watt Ionic Soft Bonnet Hair Dryer]]"
My trusty Hot Tools dryer that I bought from Ulta died on me after two years of daily use...so I decided to get this one given the reviews. This is a lot lighter than my previous one but it doesn't seem to have the same power and oomph Hot Tools Pink Dragon Ionic Hair Dryer had...it still gets the job done tho...The only thing I'd say sucks is that it doesnt come with a diffuser and the nozzle is an odd oval shape it's not like I can buy a universal diffuser to fit it. =(
"Nice dryer, although heavy. Cord was no longer retractable after only 2 mos. of use. Disappointing to say the least as that was one of the reasons I chose this dryer in particular. Drat!"
I've been through 3 of this model dryer and each stopped working within 1 year.  Time to switch to another company. It's too bad because I really liked everything else about it.
I expected it to be smaller.
"There are not 3 levels of heat. There ARE 3 levels of blowing air, but I wish the heat was different. Not what I expected. I do like the retractable cord for the convenience of storage. I've used the dryer for about 3 weeks."
it's not very powerfull but it woks properly
Works well but you need a lot of space to store it.  It's like a giant robotic arm.
"I bought two just over a year ago and have had both of them fail after what I think is a short period of time.  My wife loves the way it dries her hair and she likes that they are mounted on the wall.  I ordered two more this time based on, in my opinion, the short length of time before failure only because my wife likes it."
Seems slow to blow. Works okay otherwise. Not a lot of power compared to my much less expensive dryer that lasted 6 years. I should have replaced it with the same one but went with reviews I saw on Amazon about this dryer. Live and learn.
"Blower volume is lower than I wanted and/or  expected. This is not a low line dryer for Andies. Will dry my hair, but will take longer than I wanted it to, so it did not meet my expectations."
Not thrilled about this one. It's cheap and it shows. Heavy to hold and dries the hair on the slower side. It doesn't have that hurricane effect as some other cheaper model. I wouldn't recommend it.
The on/off and heat selector buttons are not toggle or rocker switch like other ones it seems to wobble when operated and feel it might not last as long as others.  I do not use often but others in family will.  Will have to see how it wears.
This hair dryer did not deliver the turbo drying that I wanted.  It takes too long to dry my hair.
"For drying hair it does work very well and does not give off ozone, which is good if you have asthma or other respiratory sensitivities. Believe it or not, but another ionizing hair dryer caused my eyes to water and wheezing. I could barely sleep until my girlfriend happened across some information that said the ionizing hair dryers can cause this. When she purchased this hair dryer my asthma problems stopped. Unfortunately, I have to knock several stars off this product because the on/off switch has already failed, which was pretty disappointing."
"switch is all wiggly, power is relatively weak, and somewhat loud, but it has been working so far and it is inexpensive"
It works magic for my gf thats why I bought one for myself too. My hair is thick so it doesnt work as well as I expected but if you are medium or thin hair it is definitely the one for you
It's ok.  I was disappointed in how big it turned out to be.  I was hoping it would be closer to a travel size.  The diffuser is too big for me....but I decided to keep it regardless.
"I had one of these for a number of years and loved it, However the new one I just purchased broke within one week. The holder broke and now its hard to put in and out of the Wall Mount. Another piece of crap."
I find it to be very high volume of air but the heat is low. The difuser snaps on poorly
"I read the previous reviews commenting on how quiet it is, but I was disappointed to see that it also meant it was lacking power to dry hair quickly. I don't understand the negative ion feature but it doesn't seem to make a difference. The hair dryer is ok, but I wouldn't have bought it knowing what I know now."
Not a lot of power. It takes a lot longer to dry long hair than with other dryers. The brush attachment is also a little too soft for hair straightening.
I read the reviews and decided to try this.  Maybe BaByliss spoiled me I dunno. My hair is way too dry and doesnt hold its shape. Returning and sticking with BaByliss.
My hair still stays frizzy but it does dry a bit faster.
Takes quite some time to dry longer hair.
The mounting screws that screw the base to the mounting plate are really tiny and flimsy. One of the two screws stripped its thread right away when it was being slightly tighten. It's a shame that a good product fails for something so simple.
"I Love the retractable cord feature, except when the retract button sticks in place only a few weeks after purchase.  I guess I will do it the old fashioned way and wrap the cord :("
"I had same product before they changed the switches.  New switches are hard to adjust.  Other than that, it dries well."
The motor whines slightly & the &#34;coating&#34; on the body is flaking.  I do like the heat it can put out. I like the rubber &#34;bumper&#34; spots they have around. Cord is just long enough for me but I also knew length before ordering.
Very loud and sounds like an afterburner out of an F-16. Blows hot and cold.
"The weight is inordinately heavy! Why? My old dryer weight was like nothing in comparison.<br />It does the job, but I'd recommend a lighter model to a friend."
"I absolutely loved this dryer! It dried my thick, heavy hair so fast! Also, the cord was fantastically long! Would be 5 stars, but I bought it last April, and sadly it has already died on me. There seems to be a short in the cord. If I wiggle the cord around at the base of the dryer, I can still get it to work a little. Tempted to buy another, since the price is so reasonable."
"I have had alot of hair dryers over the years, i liked this one because it was pink and I could order it on Amazon Prime. However...the highest setting blows more like a medium/low setting which just erks me. If you have thin hair you probably won't mind but if you have thicker hair like myself this is just pain annoying!`"
The string is too tight around the head. I wish they would bring back the gold bonnet one back. I had to settle for this one because I couldn't find that other one. But I'm not a real fan of this BUT it still gets the job done.
"Fits a need, but not as nicely made as the model it replaced. The base is all molded plastic and is not really integrated with the hair dryer. What I mean is that there are two notches cut in to the plastic base and the hair dryer cord is run through the notches with some rubber grommets used to hold the cord in place.<br /><br />There are not a lot of alternative products to choose from and on the plus side it was relatively cheap and easy to install."
shiny hair less frizz... same drying time.
"Basic dryer ,no expectations beyond the one you had previously"
I saw the other reviews and thought this was the dryer for me. Well not so much. Yes it did make my hair less frizzy. But my main disappointment is that it doesn't have enough power nor did it dry my hair quicker.
"Seems like a mostly quality unit but the highest setting still doesn't give you a lot of air speed, just a lot of heat.  The cold shot button is hard to push where it is located, and should have been placed on the opposite side of the handle.  Notice that the fan speed slows and becomes erratic when using the cold shot button, but returns to normal after release.  Unsure how long this unit will last.  Not sure where the &#34;ceramic&#34; part of the dryer comes in since the internals look like a standard heat element setup.  Don't like this as much as the Vidal Sassoon unit that it is replacing."
"It is an inexpensive dryer and it does its job with all the functions described. Nothing too fancy. I expect it to last for at least a couple of years.<br /><br />Update: I just deducted one star because it is too loud, louder than the average."
I have it and use it when I needed (usually for my bangs) I don't like how it stiffens my hair when I blow dry it. I like the real thing when I blow dry my long thick hair...
"I ordered this one to replace the broken one,<br />I installed this product mainly to save the space,<br />but it is not durable, the spring latch and circuit<br />in the old one broken, it should last longer.<br />But overall, this product saves space."
"Open box Part missing, Not new as advertised You get what you pay for Wason the verge of returning product Hope I don't regret it"
"SO I haven't used it yet but I was pretty angry to realize that I paid double the price. I had no idea where to look for this dryer and of course my always trusting amazon had it but when I went to Target I saw it for 19.99. I am a little upset, probably fair game but nonetheless sad."
I like it but the other reviewers that said that it stops retracting were right. But it's powerful and I like that it folds in half. So now I just wrap the cord around it. But I wish it still retracted. :(
"After received, I was shocked.<br />Very heavy.<br />Thanks to the wind. Soon blow dry my hair.<br />But I don't have to buy and try other brands of products in the United States."
I thought it should come with more separate low heat styling controls. The cord did not retract well into the base. Maybe should of been a little lighter in weight. still all in all worked well enough for the price.
"I'm actually going to return this hair dryer. It's unfortunate (and I'm giving it 3 stars) because it dries my hair well (and my hair seems less frizzy than with other dryers), but it is simply too loud (I feel like using it too much will damage my hearing), and the cord keeps getting stuck (even when i try to help push it into the unit), which is frustrating. Overall, I'm bummed that this one didn't work out..."
The hair dryer itself is great; but the volumizing finger diffuser is terrible.  The fingers on the attachment are made of rubber and break off.
"Bought as a replacement for the previous version of this dryer because it finally stopped working after more than 5 years, but I was disappointed when I received it because the power cord is way too short and the power itself is not nearly as strong as the previous model. It'll work for now but I would definitely not buy it again."
"There is definitely potential to overheat.  At least that's what it smells like, so I don't use the hottest setting, but it is very quiet"
The ends are pink. Not what I expected
"Does the job,but not what I expected."
Not really a travel dryer unless you travel &#34;big&#34;.
It works as expected.
"Works as expected, but the Scotch sticky mounts don't hold up against steam..."
Not very compact for a travel device.
I purchased it hoping to get that salon blowout look. I was disappointed when it worked the exact same a my old $15 dollar hair dryer.
The filter that I received was not an OEM filter as advertised. It fits very loose.
"I returned mine. I got it to take with me to the gym to dry my hair after a sweaty workout and it was not powerful enough for my thick hair. I get it, its a travel size so it wont be as powerful as the regular one but still, it was useless for me."
"When my toddler is sick with a cold, I don't want him to go to bed after his bath with towel dried, damp hair but he was afraid of our regular hair dryer. He is definitely less afraid of this one which is a huge plus. I use it myself and find that it doesn't take me any longer to dry my hair than usual. I also like that it is lightweight. I can't compare it to other hair dryers that claim to be super quiet. However, I would say that is misleading. It is not super quiet, but it is more quiet than our regular hair dryer. A negative for me is the placement of the control/setting buttons. They are right where I place my fingers to grip the base of the dryer and because the switch sort of softly rolls up down to change from both high-medium-low and from cool-warm-hot, I often unintentionally switch from hot to cold. I had to concentrate to hold my fingers away from the switches, away from where they would naturally rest. This hair dryer's switches should be made in such a way that they do not change so easily. A more gear-like switch (that firmly clicks and stays into separate positions) might have solved this design problem."
I'm a dad so hair dryers are completely foreign to me.  Bought this for my daughter and when her mom saw it I got scolded as it's small enough that hair may be able to be sucked in causing some very bad times.    I would say it works.  She would say it doesn't work well enough.  3/5 stars as there are a few glaring issues if it's not only for a last resort.
Heavy and stopped working after . Worked well on my hair though but it was too heavy and didnt last long!
"I bought this for my girlfriend after seeing it advertised on tv.  It sticks well to the mirror but there is a problem with the adjustable arm.  According to my girlfriend, her hair dryer is too heavy and pulls the arm down.  I told her to get a smaller hair dryer.  That didn't go over well."
"I like the looks of these and have purchased a number of them for the rentals I manage as they mount on the wall. Out of about six I've bought, I have had one that I purchased in May 2015 to quit working, although it's had very little use. But, I am replacing it with the same type."
"Have owned 4 of the 30125 model units, I like the small size and heat ranges.<br />Andis support (unit replacement )when required has been in less than a week, no questions asked.<br />The high low switch is somewhat prone to failure which has occurred at least twice in the last four years; otherwise this model is quite reliable."
"We had this dryer for 1 year before it died.  Sadly, it was not heavily used - I usually air dry my long hair and my husband has short hair that takes all of 5 minutes to dry if that.  Initially it defaulted to just one speed.  Unfortunately that was high speed which was such a loud pitch, it hurt our ears to use it.  Not long after that it died altogether.  I'll try another wall mounted dryer, just not Andis.  Too bad they don't make hair dryers as well as they make the Andis clippers I've used for years as a dog groomer."
"It's what I would expect from a 25 dollar hair dryer.  Not many extra, but does the job."
with one arm cut off due to and accident it does the job
Its small and mobile but it is not quiet at all. When i purchase a quiet hair dryer all i expect to hear is air blowing. Not the motor at all or even fan for that matter. I have had quieter dryers than this one in the past.
I have curly hair & I use the hair dryer to straighten. The nozzle is too wide & the result is frizzy hair. They need to make a narrower nozzle for straightening!
"I bought this kit for the screwdriver, and while it is small, it does work.  The kit comes packaged in a sturdy plastic box.  Overall, it works."
"I'm a little disappointed, Andis.<br /><br />I bought this dryer for trips, and it does what it needs to do - it folds up, it dries my hair. But it's rather loud, and the cord isn't entirely retractable, and it's frankly a little underpowered - it's slow. Is it fine for trips? Yes. But I've used much better, stronger dryers that cost far less. Be aware: You're paying for the label, not the performance. (&#34;Ceramic&#34; - oh lord, that is truly up there with &#34;ionic&#34; in the pantheon of absurd &#34;just paint it on there and add another zero to the price&#34; labels!) I don't hate it, but I wouldn't buy it again."
I purchased this dryer a year ago and it has performed very well. I did go onto Amazon and  order the Babybliss tonight because this dryer has started sparking. When I am drying my hair I hear and see sparks. Crazy so I threw it away and researched reviews on several sites and ordered the Babybliss. I do not want to wait until this dryer burns my hair.
"The dryer is heavier than expected, and for the wattage, it puts out less air than it should."
It didn't last long. Suddenly died with no warning after no abuse and minimal use. Disappointed - Planned obsolescence!!  Things dont last very long anymore. Aren't made or built to last like years back!!
This hair dryer has a a short cord and you have to have it close too a plug. The other other issue is the on and off switch and the temperature level are too close to where you hold the dryer and the buttons switch on and off all the time.  It's hard to hold the dryer.
"A little noisy, not like my previous pro dryer, but it drys my hair. The little air diffuser doesn't stay on which really burns me as I have to keep picking up and putting on.....there's nothing to keep it connected. Dumb construction."
"Surprisingly it works more often than not, but the cups seem to come off the mirror/wall a lot and have to be restuck.<br />Update ; I had to take it down as it came down all too often :(. It didn't hold for any reason that I can fathom :( !!!"
little bit heavier than expected.
Not very powerful and took me longer than usual to dry my hair.
"When the description said 2 speeds and 3 heat setting I was thinking that I could use them in any combination. NOPE .... there are 3 choices ... low, med, and high and the heat settings are preset.<br /><br />I also with that it had a cold blast button.<br /><br />However, I like the size and the fact that it stays out of the way so I kept it."
"Awkward grip on handle, it kinda bugs my finger holding it. Doesn't dry my hair as fast as other blow dryers I've had."
Difficult to find a hair dryer with a brush anymore.  Very well made but much larger and clumsy to hold than the one it replaced.
I purchased this for a trip I was taking to Mexico.  It arrived on time and was exactly as described.  Unfortunately after looking at it and feeling it's weight I decided to return it.  As you know the airlines have strict weight limits on luggage. Given I was traveling for two weeks out of the country I need the room in my luggage for other items.  In order to reduce the weight something had to be left behind and I chose to forgo the dryer.
The power is not great. It takes twice the time to dry my hair as with a standard hair dryer with a diffuser attachment
a little big for me. Hard to carry with travel
I have a conair Mini from years ago fits in the palm of my hand .. this one is almost regular size.. I was looking for a very small hair dryer for trips.
"The dryer has a major design flaw.  The control switches are where your hand goes so while drying my hair, I kept on having to constantly adjust the speed or temp setting.  It's very annoying.  I do like the fact they have a cool setting so I can use it to blow dry my puppies after they get a bath but I am thinking seriously about returning it because of the switch problem."
"What I really hate is the strong bell when the timer is over..right in your ears, not fun at all."
Disappointed that 2 years have gone by and it died.  Seems to be the life of these hair dryers as this one was my 2nd.  Not sure that I am buying a 3rd as I don't feel like buying a new hair dryer every 2 years.
Never had a blow dryer tangle my hair and make it limp. It does get your hair dry slowly.
A little heavy on the hand but works well.
A little heavy for a travel dryer
It does the job but I find it a little bit heavy to hold. For the rest it is OKAY.<br /><br />Joanne
"Shipment is on time just like how it is described.<br />Dryer is little heavy for use, I like compact once."
mine was green
"I like it, but I have trouble keeping the bonnet attached to the hose."
It is too heavy for me.  I gave it to my neice and ordered a T3 featherweight because it is lighter
It can tip over if you are not careful and it is a little bit suffocating-feeling when you put down the visor. It is definitely not for someone afraid of small spaces!
"Broke right away.  Plastic end over filter screen popped off, dangerous because sucks in hair."
"The dryer works really well, but as other reviewers have indicated, the finish on the handle starts bubbling and peeling after about a month of use. It's annoying, but it does work. Too late to send it back and I'm not sending it to Conair with $5 to get it repaired."
Much smaller than anticipated - not sure what they measured for the dimensions. It is also fairly weak if you have thicker hair.
"I thought it would be stronger. I even leave turbo option on all of the time, but my older, cheaper hairdryer definitely dried quicker. I do like the attachments though (diffuser, concentrator). It is heavier like I have read before buying, and the cord must be shorter because it gets pulled out of the wall by accicent at least once with every use. Unfortunately, I wouldn't recommend."
"I had severely damaged hair due to coloring, highlighting and flatironing.  I saw that this blowdryer was supposed to dry hair faster and condition it as well with the trick ions .Very disappointed in this dryer for the money!! Not faster by any means, actually it blows slower and cooler and takes longer than my Sally's Beauty Supply brand which is far less money. Don't take the advertising bait, don't purchase this dryer ladies and gents."
"It's a bit heavy and smells faintly of burning something, but overall it's fine. It's not so bad that i want to return it. I just wish it were lighter, I guess!"
A far cry from the Remington hairdryer I have had for 10 years but an acceptable backup.  The diffuser is crap and the fan speed and heat settings are way too slow/low to dry as quickly as my previous dryer.  Another hairdryer to add to the collection bin.
"The switch is placed in the wrong place, because I accidentally shut it off all the time.  On the plus side, it is quieter than the last few dryers I have used."
"Cord is TOO stiff.  I would have expected the cord to be supple.  Alas, the cord behaves as if it's frozen even at a temperature of 84 degrees F."
"The only con is that it doesn't reach the back of my head. I'd have to put a pillow under my butt and lower my head and just sit there for a while, and that cramps up my neck a lot :("
Didn't work with an inverter or converter started smoking while abroad. But has a lot of power for a small dryer
Cap is too small to put over my rollers.
I have always used Conair hair dryers but I am not fond of this one at all. Sub-par for their usual quality.
"If you are looking for a dual voltage travel this is not the one. I'm not sure if it works well, I returned it because it wasn't dual."
"The retractable cord has become difficult to retract.  This occurred in a relatively short time.  Except for this difficulty, I like the product."
VERY HEAVY - seems to work well but wouldn't recommend for travel.
"Since my hair is too thin, it dries it in a minute! But leaves it so hard frizzy :( it is also very, very loud!!! My duaghter loves it, her hair is long and thick, she does not complain. I did mot return it, my daughter uses it."
"my hair dryer died after 1 year, very disappointed This is the second one from Conair that this happened to, the other died after 6 months. Going to try a different brand"
"Hairdryer is heavier than I'm used to.  Controls are on handle and in the way.  Otherwise, it is just a hairdryer, no better or worse than others.  Could've spent less with same results.  Was disappointed after reading all the reviews.  Will keep it until it stops working."
It's very hard to use the diffuser because the dryer itself is so heavy.
Switch is hard to turn on/off.
The turn on/off switch is really hard to move.
"Doesn't blow as hard as I was hoping :(. With long, thick hair, it takes a while to dry"
I had to work too hard to have this absorb and I don't think ou should have to do that with an eye cream. another cream for my hands until its done
Goes on thick and doesn't blend in to skin. I also got some sun burn.
Heavier and Bulkier than my previous blow dryer. Not impressed.
"This dryer was disappointing. Although it folds for travel, the cord attachment increases its overall size, making it clumsy and hard to pack.  The power switch sticks, making it difficult to turn on/off."
"I was disappointed with this product. It states it dries your hair 70% faster, but I don't find this to be true. Also the switches are in a very awkward place and I often turn them off by accident while using the dryer."
A  holder piece  inside o f the holder  broke in a month so I am unable to hang it up anymore. Too late to ask for a replacementWill not purchase anotherfrom this maker..
"Just received my new blow dryer in the mail.  When I opened it, it was damaged, very disappointed."
needs an expensive transformer
"It works, but the switch is really cheesy."
"don't like the  attachments, which is what I bought it for.  the brush is flimsy.  the handle design makes styling difficult."
With this product I definitely see an improvement in my hair. It's shinier and not frizzy with the horrible humidity!!
"It is not very powerful! Takes a while to blowdry, not as bad for men as for women.. But it hangs conveniently on the wall!"
Awkward
Dogs to work as well as my hand held  Conair and doesn't have button to stop heat and just blow air .  Disappointed in the functions .  Steve allen
"Not the best dryer I've ever used but, for the price, I can't complain."
Good!
It's a really good value for the money.  It is a bit heavier than I am used to and if just got s bit hotter it would be perfect
The retractable cord is already stalling out on me and I just got the hair dryer.  It works great but don't expect miracles with the cord.
the product is great but it looked like it was just thrown in the box for mailing.  No registration information and no product information was included.  Maybe shouln't have ordered it around Xmas time.
Packs power for its size but the plastic gets very warm and seems like it could be a hazard after prolonged use.
"An excellent dryer, but heavier than most. The retractable cord is a great feature, but adds to the weight."
"Good but could have one option faster, but the rest work great for person how doesn't has a lot of hair."
"The unit was cracked in serveral places when I received it, but all-in-all it worked fairly well."
good product
"It's good, just what I wanted."
Didn't like the buttons. I've returned it. I'm giving 3 stars not 1 because I used to have Conair Hair Dryer and it was quite good.
This was a good replacement unit for the one my wife wore out.
its good
"Good for about 6 months, then burn out."
Works as described but not the strongest dryer we have had.  Good for the money but don't expect tons of heat.
The hair dryer I purchased in June has burned up and has to be replaced. It was great while it was working and wife loved it but surely it should have lasted more than 3 1/2 months.
"Good, light weight dryer. Would be perfect if the attachment would stay in place. Dryer needs a place where you can secure the attachments in place"
I received this product and enjoyed using this!  I was expecting a quicker result.  It wasn't a miracle worker for me.  Beth
"best blowdryer I've owned, I've had it for 3 years and still works as good as new."
"Worked well and as described.  Motor started to sound like a lawn mower, one week after it's one year warranty.<br />Not happy."
"Nice product, but never got the diffuser it was supposed to come with."
It's a really good product to the price so cheap!
Nice one.....
"I've bought this dryer four months ago and so far so good. It's not the best that I've ever had, but works well for the price."
Good dryer but the buttons aren't easy to move.
"It's okay, but not the best. i was looking to spend less than 20 $ on it, for the money, it's okay, but it is not the best."
night light too bright
I like everything about it except for the night light.  It is too bright for me.
Just with the bonnet was easier to fit over rollers. but otherwise a good machine.
Wife didn't really like it. Wasn't impressed. Works fine though.
"Was great while it lasted, but the first time I tripped over the cord it toppled over and never worked again...and it had been 90 days, so no refund or exchange."
"I am a hairdresser of 40+ years...needed this for my very occasional jobs at home...it will do the job...easy to store (biggest reason for this choice, over one on wheels)  Somewhat noisy (who cares) WONDERFUL heat...could use some more air holes.  This is not made as good as the one I had to toss that was more than 40 yrs old...but that is true about everything...can't see how it adjusts in height"
I like the fact this dryer is light which is great however it is very loud and I have to use earplugs because of the noise level.  It does a great job drying and styling hair.  I have used this dryer in hotels before but never have I experienced a dryer that is this loud.
It's ok.
This was a an ok product. Stopped working after about 5 months of use
just ok
for the price and  size of item works ok.
Ok
ok
"The retractable cord, the compact size, and the power are awesome! So is the price! It just needs a proper nozzle!"
My husband uses the hairdryer a lot more than I do. He does not care for the way it works and the lack of settings. He is considering replacing it or removing it altogether.
"It works, I didn't expect anything wonderful since the price was low. You get what you pay for, I guess!"
"Good Hair Dryer.  Nice weight, cord good length.  I just had to get used to the button location, it took a while for me to be able to dry my hair without accidentally hitting the off button accidentally."
It is adequate. I do wish the prongs of the diffuser were a more flexible or softer. It kind of hurts our heads.
"Loved this hair dryer, but just after a year of use, it just stopped working. Was really bummed!"
When my granddaughter first used it she said it was broke!  Doing better using it now since we taught her not to hold so close to her head!
Not as powerful as some.this size.  Easy to mount to wall.  It does have a bright night light.
It works fine but I wish it had a hook on the handle so I could hang it up. Also so sometimes my hair gets stuck in the top of it when it is drawing in air.
"However, I would have prefered a more diverse group of piks.  I bought my husband a waterpik for christmas (which he loved).  I wanted to get a set for myself, but this one only has 3 types (none really as cool as his) and dups of all three. - It's a good beginner set I guess... but I will be searching for some of the better ones that came with his. I can't complain about quality - look closely at the piks - if you want two of each of the basics - this is pefect for you."
"The heat and power is good, but in keeps shutting off in certain outlets of the house."
"Not as powerful as others led me to believe. However, it is cute and very easy to travel with. It will be a staple in my suitcase from now on."
"It's nice and dries quickly, just it's super noisy, can wake the neighbors up!"
Its ok... light weight but noisey.
Cute but cheaply made.
not as powerful as i would have liked.  dislike the on/off switch location.
"The hair dryer performance is very good.  The cord is a problem.  While the retractable cord is a great idea,  it is not long enough.  Often when I use it, it stalls because of the pulling on the cord at the plug outlet."
not as strong as i would like it to be
Air flow was not as strong as I'd hoped it would be.
Not as powerful as described but better than most mini hair dryers.<br />Small and lightweight.
The buttons are touched to easily when holding it. Also there should be 3 speeds on the air blowing.
"This hair dryer worked great while it lasted.  Only buy it if you are looking for one that collapses and has a retractable cord for travel.  Otherwise, you are much better off getting something else"
"I liked it when it worked, but now it doesn't have very much power."
Nothing too special here.  Okay hair dryer.
"Replacement for the first one, which had the fan blade fly apart during use.  Cheap plastic fan blade where metal would be much better.  It was out of warranty, and because I took the case apart to check for the problem, they would neither fix it or sell me the part to repair it.  Since I now have one for parts other than the fan, and the hair dryer fit so well where I had it hung, I went ahead and bought another one.  It is a good design, but the quality could be better when it comes to that fan.  No problem with anything else, just that cheap plastic fan blade, in my case anyway."
Fine product
"This is an excellent hair dryer and a well-made product.  However, be advised:  The owner's manual/manufacturer's warranty included with the product--and the manufacturer's web site--both clearly state that the normal 1 year product warranty is void if the product is purchased from Amazon."
"The unit does the job of drying hair just fine, but would be easier to use if the dryer hood height was adjustable."
"The hair dryer itself works pretty well, but the retractable cord is completely misleading. It stopped retracting on its own after I used it twice. With that said, the folding handle still makes it easy to store. Good buy for the price."
Looked nice.  Didn't even turn it on as it was too large for my space to hang it.  Need to have dimensions in description.
Love it but the watts are so high that it keeps blowing fuses all the time!!!
"I've had this shaver for over two months now. Being in my early 60's, I've been shaving a long time. Having had many shavers in my life I'd rate this one as a good shaver. I've had other panasonic shavers that did work better, BUT cost much-much more. For me the bottom line is this is a good shaver at a great price."
"So far, so good ..."
Good  but loud
"Still works great but all the graphics came off within a week. If you have any product on your hands, expect the same results."
Wife likes it but it looks a bit cheap
Happy female family with this.
None available.
"You kept telling me you were preparing it for shipment, and that I would get it on the estimated date.  I did receive it on that date, but it would have been nice is you had promptly sent it out--I could have had it sooner.  My old dryer quit working---so had to wait for you to prepare shipment--whatever that is!!!"
This hairdryer isn't as powerful as I thought it would be. I have cheaper ones from Target that blow more air. I got it for the cool air switch and it does work fine.
Doesn't fit with diffuser of twin turbo 2600. Not a noticeable significant upgrade in power either form 2600.
"When I first came across this product I thought this looked gfeat and I wanted buy it. Whwn I received it in the mail, I still thought it looked great but it could definifintely use some improving. The case itself at the top left corner of my phone comes apart sometimes and I havent even dropped my phone!!!"
"This was the first time I spent  more than $40 for a hair dryer, so I was expecting it to be great. But after about a month the attachment nozzle kept following off. However the dryer works well, it is still aggravating for the nozzle to fly off while drying my hair. I should have returned it. Too much money for an okay hair dryer!"
Good value but crummy dryer. Doesn't get very hot but it isn't too noisy...it was cheap so didn't have super high expectations.
"I really didn't expect anything spectacular with this dryer,but i am satisfied with the product overall...the seller did not tak elong at all to get my product out to me and it arrived packaged nicely and undamaged. I am using the dryer now as i write this review and even though it is very cheaply made i am impressed with the heat settings. High is indeed very high heat and perfect for when i do my deep conditioning treatments...the airflow is not bad either considering where the holes are place...all around the top of the hood, and then the airflow from the opening in the back. I can actually see this doing a good job on my hair if i were to roller set and get under the dryer no problem...if you are just looking for a cheap but gets the job done such as deep conditioning with heat for 15-20 minutes type of hair dryer then i say buy this one. Its ok for its price."
"Not as powerful as expected, but the fact that you can fold it really helps. Not the greatest but okay"
This blowdryer works well although not as powerful as the Revlon one I am replacing this with.  It dries my hair in a fair amount of time but I miss being able to hold onto the hairdryer and being able to turn it on and off one handed.  The curved handle on this does not allow you to do this.  Other than that I like it and I like the retractable cord although the cord could be a tad longer.
"It does not get hot, but that's better of hair anyway."
Dryers looks good its ok  but you need to spend some more time to get your hair dried.
"My wife liked it after they sent the necessary parts to assemble the hood. It may be a bit noisy but, it's okay."
"I ordered two of these dryers. I had used them before and I trust their quality. But, when the product arrived, I found that there was no  plug on the end of the cord. These units are made to be hard-wired into the electrical system. I didn't see that clearly spelled out in the descriptive text when I was looking for the product. As such, instead of going thru the hassle of returning both of the dryers I went to Ace Hardware and purchased some plugs to put on the cords. Now I'm just hoping and praying the connections don't heat up and set the house on fire.<br /><br />But the dryers themselves work great!"
This is okay but I'm not fond of the smell.  There is another bhringraj hair oil on Amazon that smells way better and leaves your hair soooo soft.
I purchased this dryer for traveling after reading some of the reviews.  I thought the retractable cord would allow more room in my carry on bag too.  I did not use the dryer so I can't review how well it works.  The size even with the cord retracted was my problem; it was as large as my 'home' hair dryer & that is why I returned it.
"found it to feel heavy,and the buttons change speed and temp easily while drying hair .Does dry hair quickly is it's good feature"
"Have only used once but have high expectations.  Smell was not really so great but not horrible.  The after-tan smell (that burnt hair smell) was NOT BAD at all.  So well worth it there.  I could still smell it but it wasnt overpowering like most lotions are.  Gave me good color right out of the bed but not the best.<br /><br />I still think Worship Me does a MUCH better job giving you color right out of the bed...I looked like a goddess of the islands after using that just ONCE!  Also Worship Me smells better.  But meh, I'll try this and see.<br /><br />Hope it works!!!"
"It stays true to it's name as it is indeed mini, and I wouldn't buy this if I have thicker hair."
The original sunbeam wall mounted hair dryer was much better.  It was smaller and easier to use.  This is ok since I can't find the original
"I thought this would be a bit smaller and had a retractable cable.  In the end, it's still a good product."
"Not as powerful as I had hoped and the filter keeps falling off the back.  Otherwise, works okay.  Retractable cord is nice."
"in your description it said it has a cool shot.  This was the one thing that i was looking for, and it does not have it.  Disapointing."
Not as powerful as I would have hoped but it's not bad for a cheap guy.
Its not bad for the price
I'm not that impressed. I didn't notice a difference in the time it took to dry my hair. And it's heavier than my old dryer. However I did notice that my hair does look smoother.
Cheap blower dryer. It doesn't blow dry very hot air but I did buy it for a good price and it works. This is why I gave it 3 stars.
The dryer work fine for about 10 months but it did end up catching fire while I was using it. I think for the price it should last longer than 10  months.
"The product is good. Working Properly, the variable speed switch is defective. It's not going on HIGH. Please Help !!!"
"No issues with light (some people mentioned it died).. been working OK for almost a month now.<br />Does the job and does it quite well.. quite powerful and dries hair well.. Now for the price its great! the reason I bought this particular one was because I used it at a hotel and liked the product..<br />Now the reason for 3 stars:<br />The quality of the stand and the plastic itself are quite inferior, feel like it gonna crank in about 3 months, the first one I had received had a mold defect and there was a huge dent in the middle so I returned it and got another piece from amazon (easy (and free) return I should say!). But the fact that its quite plastic-ey and the second one I received had the same dent (just smaller) so the finishing is not that great... but I should add it works and does what it should efficiently! I think i would give it 5 stars if it was $5 more expensive but was better quality/finishing.."
"Great compact design. I love the cord hanger. The light is pretty bright, but exactly as advertised. It does take longer to dry my hair-but it is doing less damage...."
"The Onei-II Ionique Hair Dryer does a really good job drying my hair.  The hair dryer is lightweight and powerful.  My only question that was not in with instructions, when would I use the &#34;Negative Ion&#34; setting or the &#34;Regular Ion&#34; setting."
"It does not heat as well as I think it should, barely adequate and would not purchase again."
"Bought this as a Christmas gift for my 9 year old daughter. Works okay but doesn't put out a lot of heat. Works great for her, she has short hair. However I have shoulder length hair and it would take to long for me to try and use. Great value, for younger girls it's sufficient. I would recommend a better blow dryer if you have a lot of hair or don't have a lot of time to spend blowing drying your hair."
"It looks great on the wall, but just isn't very powerful. Takes much longer to dry my hair, wish I had known."
"Install was easy and quick, loved the extra little arm to hang up the excess cord.  night light is really bright, I mean REALLY BRIGHT.   I think it's quiet ( as in the lable)is because of the lower speed  of the blower  motor. I prefer more air moving. Dryer does a good job all in all."
"Just okay....doesnt seem to have a strong blowing power, and the on/off switch is located on the handle right where you hold it which makes it turn off when you are using it. The filter door keeps popping open too....I kept it, but not all that thrilled with it."
"I liked the hairdryer, I wish it was a little more powerful, but it did get the job done and was easy to use"
Great when it works but tends to overheat and shuts down.
Ok.... It really dosent get that hot.
Worked great while it lasted - which was less than a year.
"I use this hair dryer every day and I don't feel as if it's doing a &#34;great&#34; drying job.  I previously had a Revlon mini which worked just great.  In any case, will continue to use this one until it dies."
The one major downside to this drier is that it vibrates in my hand which I don't like. It does dry my hair very fast and the cord keeper works perfectly.
"What can you say--it is a good product and does exactly what I wanted.  There are no bells and whistles, but I'm traveling.  I wanted something collapsable and easy to carry.  Although it's a tiny bit larger than I had hoped for, it is still better than my at home dryer."
I bought this for the diffuser for traveling.  The air flow is so strong that it doesn't really diffuse very well and my hair ends up being blown all over.  If you just want a compact dryer for traveling this would be fine.
"I liked that it has a 3 heat (low, mid, high) settings, and great price."
"It most definitely is not this color or this size, but it's easy to travel with and it work."
Nothing to get excited about. It works well and I like the cool temperature setting.  The cord is much shorter than the hair dryer I had to replace.
It can't be used as hot as I wished.  Seems that the engine would not bear the temperature.  Design is clean and I like it.
It is ok..But I thought might be more powerful..but does the job for me since my hair is not very thick.  has some good<br />attachments also..fairly priced.
The hose needs to be a little bit longer. Heat is good and dries good but just too short on hose.
"This is a nice tiny size for traveling, but I returned it because it does not have a &#34;cool shot&#34; button."
"Miss the Cool Shot feature of my cheaper dryer, don't feel like it gets as hot either."
"A decent dryer for the price. However, I was expecting more air flow and quicker drying for 1875 watts. My previous Conair dryer, which cost more than this one but was also 1875 watts, put out more air. Still, for the price, this one gets the job done."
"nice unit but not enough room to store everything in side compartment.  You can put items in, but unit will not close"
"What is not immediately discernible from the supplied photos is that the intake bezel and control buttons are all molded in bright pink pearl-colored plastic. That, and the fact that the box is printed in a all-over floral pattern tells me that this item is targeted toward the women's market. I ended up returning it."
"I think this product is ok, but overpriced and there is more of the bottle than there is of the moisturizer.  Peter Thomas Roth should start lowering his prices for his products.  I can buy more products cheaper than his from Kohls that also do wonders for my skin and they at least, allow the consumer to use their discounts on every item including perfumes and make up....."
"I like the temperature settings of cool, warm and hot but would like this dryer more if the flow of air were stronger when set on high.  It seems to take longer for my hair to dry with this dryer."
"Ok hair drying but the heat setting don't quite work perfectly. The hot setting on high air setting messes up my curls a little, but the hot setting on low air doesn't get hot enough. other than that it is great for travel and unlike a lot of the reviews about the cord retraction  problem I didn't find that a problem, you just need to pull it out all the way and hold the button steady for it to gain momentum. Sometimes I have to help it with the last inch or two. but definitely it's not a big issue. what more can you expect from a tiny motor of this size. I would rather have this than a good motor that would also make the hair dryer heavier.<br />I am happy with what I have got for this price, I still think as far as travel dryers go this the best one I have seen so far."
"I am 63 and really wanted to try this. I swirled and tapped and noticed that the places on my face that are Not lined turned out nice. But I wanted a little more coverage due to some spider veins and 2 age spots. So I put a second coat on and these lines under one eye really stood out! I didn't know I had them until I used this product! So I got some makeup remover and took off the bare minerals that was on top of the lines and they disappeared! On those, I put my regular liquid foundation (on the lines)and all was well.  <br />  I think you should have nearly perfect skin for this to work nicely."
My plans were to replace my travel hairdrier with this one but this one was bigger than mine.  The advantage I found is the noise. This hairdrier is not as loud as many other but to me the size was more important.  Would not work for me.  If size is not an issue this is a good purchase.
Operates like a very cheap hairdryer. We bought for our 10yr old daughter and it's fine for her. Takes longer to dry hair than most. We may just have a fluke...
"Takes a few minutes to warm up and the full force setting creates tangles in my hair but I am working with it and getting used to it. The medium setting seems to work well with fine hair, the jury is still out on this product."
It was OK - liked the heaviness of it but was nothing more than just a drugstore blow dryer. Was hoping for  more of a difference due to the &#34;Tourmaline Ceramic&#34; name but nothing special or different than my last Conair blow dryer.
"This hair dryer works well, however, after about a year or so of use, the clear plastic coating around it, has started to peel off. This speaks to the quality of the materials used. It still works and I still use it but just wanted to mention that. It is pretty light, which is a good thing when you have a lot of hair to dry! The main reason I purchased this one was because it was more affordable than the salon brands."
I know this product has been discontinued so when I found it here I was really excited.  I used this alot and really like the way it works.  This bottle smelled a bit differently that my bottle I originally used from the store.  And didn't work quite as well.  But I still use it and it is better than some of the alternatives I have tried.
The dryer works ok - nothing special but there was no registration card in the box so I called the manufacturer.  They said the warranty is void since Amazon is not an authorized dealer.  I would like to have known that. So far as I know what I received is a knock off of the real thing.  In addition there was no receipt in the box.
"I would have given this a better rating, because the dryer performs just fine. I especially like the variable speeds and heat settings.     CAUTION: Be careful when pushing the cord retraction button as it will fly wildly about causing a risk of getting socked in the face with the oversized safey plug."
how did this product get so many 5 star reviews?<br />The product is good and the idea of a wall mounted dryer is excellent. The product fails in my view because the three tiny 'Mollies' supplied to hold it to the wall are pathetically under engineered. The dryer will just pull off the wall after a couple of times.<br />A better way to mount is to drill a second hole in the mounting plate and to screw it to a wall stud with long screws.<br />Another good product hijacked by under engineered Chinese Manufacture!
"I'm surprised at all the fantastic reviews. It's fine, it works (so far, we'll see), but there is nothing outstanding or amazing about this dryer. It is not faster than any previous dryer I've used, my hair isn't softer or fancier. I do appreciate the ability to set to cool without holding down the button. So, it is what it is and comes with a fair price. Take it or leave it."
I had ordered this product before and accidently ordered a smaller version of the one I wanted.  It mounted easily and works fine even tho I would prefer a stronger drying force.
The air coming out of dryer is room temperature at best and the cord rewind does not work. The cord only rewinds part of the way.<br />The only feature left to work is the folding handle.  That works fine.
I am an African American women with thick 4B/4C natural hair.  I bought this after reading some good reviews and I have to say it wasn't that great for me.  I thought it would be a bit more powerful blowing wise and it was just didn't have the blowing power I expected and didn't blow my hair out as straight as I am used to.  The heat settings were just ok also. I almost could not feel the difference in medium and high heat and to be honest I much rather prefer the dryers with separate heat and speed settings because you have more control over how much heat your using to dry your hair.  The comb attachments are cheaply made ans definitely seem like the break easily.  Overall its a decent blow dryer but not the best you can get for the price.  I'm actually returning mine to get something better.
"This sounds weird, but the &#34;night light&#34; is MUCH TOO BRIGHT.  I had to tape something over it to mute the light.  The mounting bracket is tricky to install and kind of flimsy too"
Not as good as the one I had 10 years ago. The old one was a better quality and this make hair a little frizzy
"I bought an Andis wall mount dryer 25 years ago and used it every day without problems so I decided to get this model as a replacement when the old one finally gave out.  I'm hoping that it will give me the same great service.  The unit is larger than my original more compact version, but it does work well.  the reason that i'm giving this product a 3 is because it's more cumbersome, the slide switch on the handle is difficult to operate, (it doesn't slide easily) and there is a very bright night light built into it which I was aware of, but was surprised by the level of brightness it emits. It's too bright since my bathroom is part of the master suite without a door on it. I had to put duct tape over the light to try to block it out. This dimmed it about 50%. Obviously I'd much rather not have the light, or at least have an option to turn it off."
Dryer works great but be careful with cord. Last one the cord worked free from dryer and it was shooting sparks out of cord.
"SOMEWHAT better than others its size; though still blows very hot, (almost to Hot on the Low setting); but is useful for Travel"
"Lacks essentiel qualities like adjustability of the height, temperature. Gets very hot at the top of the head and not  enough at the sides."
"Product is light as advertised but does not seem as strong as it should be.  The first I received came apart as it was missing 2 screws, but Amazon was great and stood behind product and sent another out immediately.  That one is fine.  Love the T3 feather weight."
"While looking for a hair dryer comparable to the one that just tryed to electrocute me, I found this one. The price was great and it had all the features of the much more expensive one I'd just thrown away. I'd give it a higher review but I found the on/off switch to be in an awkard position. It is a powerful hair dryer and well worth the money."
"Not as powerful as I had hoped; the speeds and temperature control are sufficient. Still takes a while to dry my long hair, so this is not as impressive as some. Still, for the price, it's fine. The true test will be how long it lasts before breaking..."
"A fairly good hairdryer although not very powerful - but adequate for my purposes.  The first one I received didn't work at all and had to be returned.  This one works fine, but was a little difficult to install.  I love the night light - it is very bright, but one can always close the bathroom door if it's bothersome.  I would purchase this item again."
"it works fine, i am buying a new one. I thought this would be fine for work but as it turns out, its rather loud, has no heat settings, and the concentrator falls off....."
"I came on Amazon trusting the reviews that people would give this product. I bought it because it had high reviews and a great price. With a solid 4 star review, I expected a lot more from this dryer.<br /><br />The issue about this dryer that bothers me the most is the air flow. When you turn it on, it sounds like those cheap kid toys with a wind motor. Then it warms up a bit and you get used to the cheap motor and you dry your hair. It doesn't have enough air force! I mean, it's a standard blow dryer so yes it has good air flow. But I expected something a lot more impressive from the reviews given.<br /><br />On a plus side, it does have good heat.<br /><br />I also thought that the air flow would be solved with that front clamp thingy (the front thingy that pushes the air flow in a very specific direction) but NO! Actually the air feels more dispersed with the front clamp thing. Wha??<br /><br />I guess this comes down to the fact that you get what you pay for. But sometimes I have paid very little and have gotten a whole lot. This was not the case.<br /><br />Mostly, I really wish the reviews would have matched the quality of this product.<br /><br />Disappointed and I would NOT suggest people to purchase this dryer unless you're really looking for a meh whatever kind of dryer with a good cheap price."
Great blowdryer. it gets the job done. the only thing i dislike is how it is not compatible with universal comb attachments. also as i blowdry my hair the attachment keeps falling off
clumsy apparatis - I wanted more mobility - like multitacking and this is not set up to run with the flow - hose waned to stay on box and I wanted it to travel with me - my own problem - it was meant to be stable
I am a professional and have tried many dryers. My personal one blew up so I got this one. It's not that great. Be prepared to dry your hair for 30 minutes.
I'll be under there forever and when I get out my hair is still not dry. Maybe it's my hair but I'm nor 100% satisfied.
It shoots sparks fairly often. Kind of scary.
"I bought this dryer specifically because the handle could collapse and the cord was retractable, which I thought would make it fit in my drawer.  Both features work well but, it still wouldn't fit in the drawer.  This dryer does not get very hot so it takes longer to dry my hair than my previous one.  However, it was a good price and you get what you pay for.  I'll keep it but I would try another model before I bought this again."
"came quick, work fine for about a week now won't suction or stick to any thing. my grandson has arthrogryposis and it worked great for him but now it won't, sad."
It works wery well but it is covered by a kind of rubber that glues dust and loose hair.
"I love how this hairdryer is so powerful without being heavy. But i seem to have a problem with the heating coil, it turns a bright red and starts smelling like its burning within 2 minutes of use."
I was not too happy with this hair dryer. It's a nice hair dryer but doesn't blow very hard and it takes me longer to do my hair. I have a Hana professional hair dryer that is ten times the hair dryer this one is. I would say it's a fairly good deal for the price. I gave $200 for my Hana professional and it is still my favorite hair dryer.I'm mainly using the T3 Bespoke hair dryer for a back up.
"I first saw this hair dryer on a TV show talking about beauty products used by the stars.  Then I noticed my hairdresser had switched to this brand.  His observations were the same as mine.  If you take a lot of time drying hair and the weight of the dryer is an issue, this is a very good purchase.  But your hair will be no shinier or softer than with other dryers."
"It's a fine, but loud hairdryer. You can find a ceramic one in Kmart for a lower price."
Bought dryer for my daughter it isn't hot enough for me but awesome for my 10yr old to dry her thin/fine hair with
"I was really excited about this hairdryer and it's retractable cord, but it really hasn't lived up to the original excitement. As a hairdryer, it's just okay. It's no better than the one I used before, but it does, of course, serve its purpose. Although the cord does retract, sometimes it doesn't retract all the way. Overall, it's not a bad dryer. I was just hoping for more."
"I had high hopes for this dryer based on the reviews, but it's marginal at best.  The heat setting is pretty weak, and if you have a ton of hair, forget about it.  For me, I'll keep using it, but my wife said she'd never be able to use this on a daily basis."
"This blow dryer has two settings... hurricane or puff of breath. Not much in between. It's great for getting your hair dry in a hurry, but if you're used to styling with a blow dryer it presents a bit of a challenge. It is fairly light, which is why I bought it. Overall, it is OK."
"It's an ok drier but there are so many better options out there with a stronger motor. The airflow is weak even on the highest setting. It says its a 1875w drier but it dries the hair more like a 1200w one. Also it is quite bulky. It does reduce frizz and improve the shine.<br /><br />I recommend it to a person with short and fine hair. If you have coarse or curly hair, I wouldn't pick this one."
Really hard to turn on the switches. Otherwise it would be a great hair dryer.
"No complaints on functionality but it is WAY bigger and heavier then I expected based on my previous cord-keeper folding handle Conair.  I supose I should have paid more attention to the size specs before ordering but I guess I assumed a style that folds up would be space conscious all the way around.  If you own a seperate hair dryer for travel, this could be a good option.  I think it would be best for the teen age crowd, it is awfuly pink too."
"In spite of some of the negative reviews this dryer does exactly what I need it to do. I'm an African American Natural & I purchased this hair dryer to get a better result out of my deep conditioning treatments. I only gave this a 3 because it's not mobile & it's so huge to store.. Other wise it heats just fine, also because I would imagine if my goal were to completely dry my hair it'd take a great deal of time but I don't use heat to dry my hair so for me this is great with my plastic cap just to activate my conditioning and hot oil treatments. But it adjusts just fine & I'm comfortable under it. You do need to be a bit creative about where to put it I suppose. I sit on the toilet w/it perched on my portable drawers I use for storage. I guess you may need to be creative to use it on a table top or maybe a ocunter of some sort but other than that I'm pleased for my intended purposes."
"The dryer is very quiet, gets hot quickly and has three levels of speed, but the fastest speed still seems a bit slower than other pro dryers, but I am happy with it and got a lifetime warranty for giving feedback to the site."
"The dryer has several good features, and I especially appreciate the cool setting and how the cool button delivers air with absolutely no heat at all.  Other dryers I've had have produced still slightly warm heat even when the cool button is used.  Not this one!!!!  The downside for this dryer is the diffuser attachment.  It is much too small and does not diffuse well enough to not have my fine 2 b/c wavy hair not blow all over.  Luckily I was able to use a diffuser attachment from my dryer that fried recently (prompting this purchase).  Otherwise I would have had to return this dryer, even as much as I'm loving the cool air feature.  Hence only a three star rating."
"This hairdryer worked OK for me but did not last too long.  It runs very hot on the high setting; I sometimes worried it might explode because it was soooooo hot.  Therefore, I mostly used the 2 lower settings.  One day, it quit altogether.  The one good thing about it: it was quieter than any other hairdryer I've ever owned."
"This is a really fabulous red sparkle polish.  It's a good product and I treated myself.  :-)  It's a bit hard to take off, but most sparkle-polishes are.  As much as I like the product, I do feel it is a bit over-priced, especially when you add shipping.    If I was to come across this brand again, in store, I would buy it, if it was a color I had to have."
I appreciate it's light weight; however the &#34;High&#34; speed is much too powerful and quite loud.  I've put it aside as a travel or emergency hair dryer.
Good when working.  Cord broke at handle in a few months
This is an okay product. If you avidly blow-dry your hair get a bigger one. But for the occasional use it's okay
I love the convenience of not sitting in one spot. But the front part of my hair never dries but the back and sides dries in no time at all.
Diffuser could be bigger. But it is ok.
Good hair dryer but kinda heavy
I was expecting this blow dryer to be hot really hot but it's not. I don't know maybe is just me<br />that thinks that way. It gets the job done so I shouldn't be complaining.
"I like some heat from a hair dryer.  This one has a position that reads &#34;Hot&#34; but, it falls short of that. I'm assuming because of our litigious society and that someone might drink a blazing hot cup of McDonald's coffee while using this hair dryer.  The buttons on the interior of the handle take some getting used to as your grip may have a tendency to change the heat setting or turn it off.  I'm adjusting and am getting along with this hair dryer for the most part."
"This is okay, just not like the one I am use to using, it does the job, sort of but l must air dry my hair first or if I force dry it it becomes fuzzy and I dont like that, other wise it is ok. I was worth the price I guess."
You know the plug is just to big for most of the outlets. Hangs down too much and hits the counter tops.  Good power though
"Decent product, although, the air volume doesn't seem to be as good as other similar products like this that I have bought.  I do like that there is a place to hang the cord to get it off the counter.  It does do the job, so I am fairly pleased with it."
"Not a bad little hair dryer. Seems to work well. If I had any criticism it would be when using the low heat setting, it's a bit windier than I would ideally want, and the handle is a little fatter than it needs to be. But all in all, a nice dryer."
"Unlike other stretchers, this one will only widen your shoes, not make them longer.  This isn't made clear in the description.  It's still well-made and I was creative enough to make it work, but if you're looking to stretch a shoe length-wise this probably isn't your best option!"
This compact hair dryer is very powerful but too loud.
Not very travel friendly.  I was hoping that it would fold up.. it doesn't.  It works great as a back up to my normal hair dryer.
I have this for awhile now and it get s the job done after a long while of blow drying. It doesn't get as hot as it supposed to and blows cool air when on hot. The colors are great and it is light weight but if you have thick hair i would recommend spending the extra money to get a better hair dryer.
"I expect to get more than 15 months out of a hairdryer, especially since I travelled for work about 30% of the time and didn't bring this hairdryer with me.  This hairdryer replaced the Blackbird, which lasted over 3 years.  I liked that this dryer was powerful and hot.  It dried my hair quickly, and I had no problems blowing my very wavy hair out straight.  I'd love to get another one, but am trying a BaByliss this time in the hopes that it will last longer."
"I've owned 3 of these hair dryers now. They would break after a year or so, but given the low price and quality while it worked, I had no problem replacing it. This newer version is not as impressive. The eco options are great for the environment, but it takes twice as long to dry my hair. The heat is no where near even the middle option on previous versions. Might be great for those who don't need a quick dry and like the lower temperatures, but it was not what I am looking for."
I would really like the hose to be longer.  If you are standing up doing your makeup you have to be really careful to not pull the hose out of the bonnet.  You also need to be careful to not pull the whole thing onto the floor.  The dryer on hot gets way too hot.  Even on medium it gets very hot.  I've wound up using it on the cool setting.  One good thing- the bonnet really is a nice big one.
"It's a pretty good sized hair dryer. Takes a lot of space to put away if you don't have a large sink cabinet.<br />Overall, it doesn't seem to require too much time to have your hair completely dry, however I really dislike the feel and design of the buttons (the ones to choose the temperature and the level of drying). They feel really flimsy and like they're about to fall off."
"The price is great but the cord is too short. It came with all the attachments but it would have been so nice if the cord was a little bit longer, especially if the outlet is almost to the floor."
Other reviews stated it was to hot.  Not for me. Gets warm but I could not call it hot.<br /><br />Recommend
Two settings: low hot or high hot. It's really featherweight. Quick drying time but the motor doesn't sound as good as my old Italian made dryer. I wish I had tested it out in person first before buying I would return it but I got it for a song and don't want to pay the shipping cost and 15% restocking fee. It'll do.
It dries hair great. Wish I would have paid attention that you can't adjust the heat. You can only turn it on low or high.
Bought this for my wife before leaving on vacation. It works great.<br /><br />Pros:<br />-light weight<br />-dries hair quickly<br />-folds up for easy packing in the luggage<br /><br />Cons:<br />Cord not long enough for my wife to plug in and use while showering :-)
"This dryer works fine, it does just what I wanted. The color is quite pink, and it's very small, almost like a toy. Smaller than I thought it would be. It would be really nice for a young girl. It will be great for traveling too. It serves the purpose for me and works fine."
"My previous Conair had more power, I really don't see how this is 1875 however it dries my hair just fine"
"This hairdryer is quiet and light and dries my hair very quickly.  It has cut my drying time in half.  I love the long cord, too.    Update as of 2/26/15: This has been a great blow dryer for just over two years.  This morning it died though.  I was using it and it seemed like the cord was coming unplugged as the power seemed to be waning and then ramping up.  I checked the cord and it was securely in the socket.  This lasted for about 10 seconds and then sparks shot out about 6 inches from the handle and it died.  I threw the dryer down and yanked the cord out of the wall.  WTF?  That was crazy.  I never expected to have sparks fly at my face this morning.  So, it was a great dryer until it almost blew up in my hand.  I still give it three stars as it was great for two years."
"Not as strong as I hoped, not as compact as I thought it would be but it's better than my old one which was a lot more powerful in it's better days until it went bad."
"I probably do not need all this power, but there is a low setting so that makes it better.  It fits my space very well"
"I had a Conair YellowBird Pro which is an awesome dryer. I had it for so many years the styling pick had developed a crack. Thought I would upgrade, and this BlackBird seemed like a good choice.<br /><br />It's not a bad dryer. I'm thankful it is 2000 Watts. But, it doesn't seem to move the air as strong as my YellowBird does. It seems a little underpowered, I'm still going to search for perhaps a 2200 Watt dryer, if I can find one. I want a dryer that has more power, not necessarily more heat.<br /><br />Heat settings are good- the highest heat is quite hot. I use the second-highest setting. It's nice to also have a no-heat setting. But the no-heat only works on low power, with is useless. Next time, I'll make sure that I get the Conair that has the Cool-shot button that cuts the heat while keeping the speed high.<br /><br />Not a bad dryer- does the job, and certainly better that the 1875 Watt piece of junk you get at the drugstore. Consider a different model if airspeed is important to you."
I bought this keeping in mind that the cool shot button may not work after reading a review. I blow dry my hair at most 3 times for the year so for me it does the job. I use the cool setting which still feels a little warm to me but it helps to stretch my hair very well but without the heat damage (I still use heat protectant though). But.. the cool shot button DEFINITELY DOESN'T WORK
Bought this for my mom to try it out because her $150 dryer went out after 9years and she said it dryes almost as quickly as her old one but is super loud! And does not leave hair feeling or looking as smooth and shiny as her old one. You get what you  pay for.
"this is kind of bulky but as long as your not traveling with it it's OK, not a lot of velocity but it gets your hair dry in a decent amount of time"
"I was excited to get a &#34;TURBO&#34; Dryer. When I used it for the first time, I was disappointed with the pressure of air flow. I thought it would be more powerful. It is a good hair dryer but not The Greatness, I was expecting."
It is a nice unit. Compact and easy to use but it takes a long time to dry my hair.
Shipment took a while to get to its destination.  I was expecting a professional mini dryer specially the air difussor... bummer.. this is just like the ones that i could purchase in any department store.
"This hairdryer is ok.  I like some aspects of it such as being able to adjust the heat and air level, but I don't think that this dries my hair any faster than the other cheaper hair dryer that I have.  I also feel the weight on my arms that other reviewers were discussing.  I am not sure that it has had any effect on the level of shine or frizz in my hair although being able to adjust the level of heat and air has probably helped in terms of being able to prevent heat damage.  I think it is an ok hair dryer but I would not buy it again. I did not return it mostly because of the hassle of repackaging and sending it back."
I bought a cheaper model elsewhere but my dog chewed  the cord. Liked the other better.  Takes longer to dry hair
"Won't return this, but it seems a little wobbly and doesn't work particularly well with my beth room outlets.  The folding mechanism doesn't seem to lock the the unfolded position.  Good power and blowing temps."
Good functionality but Too heavy!
I really like this hair dryer enough to buy a second one. The first one made a popping sound and quit so hopefully this one will do better.
"Good size, nice to be out of the way and on the wall. Unfortunately, it stopped working 9 months after I bought it. I was sent a replacement and hopefully, this one will work longer!"
"It's ok, powerful, but the hot setting is TOO HOT and you can't turn it down much."
"The product is ok, and does the job, but compared to other Infinity hair dryers by Conair, this one isnt as powerful and thus takes longer to dry the hair. I do love the fact that it has a retractable cord."
"My experience with this hairdryer is nearly identical to that of a previous reviewer. It's easy to install, and handy as all get out. However, almost on its one-year birthday, the low setting stopped working, and within minutes it went from blowing on high regardless of the setting to becoming a fire hazard. The handgrip started heating up as I held it, and when I tried to turn it off, the switch was frozen completely and it continued to overheat even more. Since it had taken on a life of its own, I had to unplug the unit and un-install the whole thing. This is a great concept for a hairdryer--it can't be beaten for convenience while still being stowed out of the way when not in use. Granted, an appliance that retails for less than $30 can be expected to not last forever, but I've owned hand-held hairdryers that wouldn't quit for years and years. I'm disappointed--my first thought was to purchase another just like it, but since this appears to be a problem for others as well, I'll look for another solution."
Very powerful and very warm air.  I use it to dry my dog after a bath and the cord is just way t0o short compared to my last dryer.
I have had this blow dryer for 6 months. The first five months it worked great then all of a sudden it fell apart. The blow dryer started over heating and then it would shut off then the attachment wouldnt stay on anymore and the comb broke into pieces. I have bought new comb attachment pieces because I dont feel like buying an entire new blow dryer.
"The hair dryer does exactly what it's intended to do. However, the product description is inaccurate. The so-called cool shot button does not exist on this product. One thing which I noticed though is that the product image was updated with the blue cool shot button removed in the new image."
"I broke my wife's Babyliss TT 3000 dryer (guess they don't bounce), so I had to buy her a replacement.  She has fine hair that lacks body.  As I researched dryers I read that people with fine hair will get better volume & body if they don't use NEGATIVE Ion dryers but instead use NEUTRAL Ion dryers.  The price on the MK-II was about $30 more than the TT3000 (which she liked) but I thought that with all the 5 star comments (i.e. lighter weight, quieter, 4 yr warranty, etc.) it was worth it, especially since it had a Negative/Neutral Ion switch.  When it came I mentioned all of its advantages to her.  I was crushed when her first comments were:<br />1. Yes, its quieter than the TT3000 but that's because on high fan the air volume was equal to the low fan speed of the TT3000.<br />2. No, the neutral Ion setting didn't give her any more body/volume than the TT3000 did.<br /><br />It is 2.5 ounces lighter than the TT3000 (according to our digital postage scale) and she's OK with it's performance so I'm not sending it back but I wished I'd just gotten another TT3000 and saved the $30.  Maybe a $180 unit with neutral Ion's would give her more volume but I do know that if this one breaks I'm not buying another MK-II.  Sure wished someone would have posted a comment like this one so I didn't waste my money.  Personally, I like the build quality of the TT3000 also."
Product came quickly but not sure I'd buy it again. The attachment falls off very easily.
"I liked this dryer a lot, and it was a great dryer for the price.  However, a month after the warranty expired it started shooting out green sparks and losing heat.  Probably won't bother with this brand again, as I see the same thing has happended to other users."
"It's not exactly lightweight, but it's also not a compact dryer. I find the weight to be average. However, I find the warm setting to be very similar to cool when the dryer is on high. On the lower speed, it is warm. And, hot is a bit too hot."
"The dryer is working fine so far. There's no question that it is top heavy and the bottom part is more flimsy than I would like. I move it around with care and support it with both hands. For the price I expected to be so. In the future, if I adapt to it, I might fiddle with the design and make it more stable. Do not expect wonders."
"It's ok for the price.<br /><br />The plastic feels cheap, the sliding button occasionally is difficult to move and when removing the difusser, i feel as i may break it. The plug isn't the most secure either, seeming to fit loosely in the socket. Despite this, it gets hot enough for my needs and hasn't failed me yet after about 6 months of use. If you need a cheap blow dryer this is a great pick."
"It's a very powerful hair dryer, which is fine, as I have a lot of hair.  It's not too heavy and there are two settings for low heat and high heat.  However - the retractable cord stopped retracting within 30 days.  And the plug is very clunky - it's something that would be needed in a hair salon, not necessarily your home.  But it was only $14.95 and if it lasts 5 years, I will be happy.  The one that it replaced was a Vidal Sassoon (remember him?) that I bought 15 years ago for about $12.00, so I way got my money's worth out of that!"
"I'm not completely impressed with the cheap plastic although, Ive used it about 6 times and it's still in good condition ( also keep in mind that I am hispanic and have very long, thick and curly hair ). I purchased this because my daughter has one and after using it, I fell in love. But, hers is definitely made with better quality materials, you can tell by just holding both of them in your hands the difference in quality.  I thought I was getting a super steal based on the price I paid for it ($25) opposed to what my daughter paid ( she purchased hers directly from Andis for $52) As I previously mentioned, mines is still in good condition after using it several times, I'm just waiting to see how many more uses I get out of it. This is a case of you get what you pay for."
"This dryer has good air velocity, but the air isn't as warm as I would like it to be. Also it has a higher pitch whine than I would have expected for a dryer of this size. I have a little portable dryer and this one sounds almost identical. I do love the retractable cord. It's nice not having a bunch of loose cord everywhere. I also like that it folds down to a smaller size for packing away."
"Awesome product but did not give 5 stars because it didn't last long before it started giving problems. For the money paid, expected the product to hold up longer."
"I fell in love with this hair dryer in a Marriott hotel, and took a picture and found this exact model at Amazon.  It works like a charm for the past 4 months. Very good heat, low noise ( my 5 years daughter hates hair dryer with loud noise but she likes this one).  But it suddenly broke last week.  I had to run to a shop to get a hair dryer.<br /><br />But would I buy it again, may be.  since it is so cheap, the price of one of my lunch.  I may bought two, in case one breaks.  This is just me."
"Having baby fine hair and not a lot of it, I find my hair feels more dry and brittle after using this dryer for the last month.  There are 3 speeds and 3 heat settings, the 1st heat setting being cool. The 1st speed setting is too low even for my hair. The highest speed and heat settings are way to strong and burning hot for my head. The switch placement is a pain as you have to be careful not to accidently hit them when holding the handle. I don't think this dryer is worth its higher price."
"I have long hair which gets frizzy if I don't use a diffuser with the drying. When I use the diffuser with this dryer, it is not very powerful, works great without it."
"Pros:  ceramic heating component  lightweight  quiet    Cons:  the 'blow' component isn't all that strong  has only a low and high setting  plastic casing feels cheap (but that's probably partly why it's so light)  obnoxious color    This could be a 5 star blow drier if they had just given it a little more power. I purchased it because I was excited about the good reviews. It does a pretty-good job, but the problem is that the 'blow' action of it is really weak. To use it I have to use the funneling head attachment, but there is almost no airflow on the low setting. Because there isn't a very high volume of air running through the dryer, the air is also a bit hotter than I'd really like it to be and I worry about damaging my hair... I find that I need to cut my hair more frequently since I've purchased this blow drier. I'm going to shop around in the near future for a better dryer. It's ok for now, and if not for the ceramic heat I would have returned it, but I wouldn't get it again."
"We were using Japanese brand Hair Dryer before this but it broke so we had to get another one. I don't know it's all american brand or what but this thing is soooo loud!! I was watching video on my laptop in the next door and I could not hear the video even with max volume. It does dry the hair up real nice but it just really LOUD!! We were just so used to Japanese brand high quality quiet hair dryer, this thing is a monster. If you don't care about the loudness, go for it. It does work like it advertise. As a dryer works awesome!"
"Good price on this dryer with the excellent option of a built in cord reel.  We will see how long that holds up.  Couple of issues I disliked about this product was the weight seems a bit heavy, wish it was a bit quieter, and also doesn't seem like the air blows very hot.  Seems to take longer to dry my hair compared to my older model."
"it didn't fit me , I WAS NOT TALL  TO FIT UNDER IT SO I HAD TO SIT ON A BIG CHAIR COUTON  TO FIT MY HEAD UNDER IT .  I HAD ONE BEFOR THAT THE NECK PART WENT UP OR DOWN AND I though this one did it too ."
"I bought this item based upon the reviews found here at Amazon. Yes, it is small and powerful, easily carried. It is just about right, almost.     From day one the bearings sound like they are going out. Did I get a defective unit? If yours sounds like mine, you are wondering when it will be going out. But it still works so I keep using it. Does the going out sound bother us. You bet it does!     UPDATED: 12-30-2008  Yep, it did go out about a week ago, so the sounds were the prelude of a unit wearing itself out.  Only lasted several months."
"I actually love how this dryer performs but it looses its motor and heat too quickly, had to send back to the manufacturer within 4 months already once and doing the same thing again"
"As a guy, I didn't think I would have much use for a hair dryer. But since I'm an adult now (self-diagnosed) my barber said that I should upgrade my haircut and hair product. This now requires me to dry my hair out of the shower. For me, this hair dryer works fine. I just need a quick dry in the morning before I put in hair stuff, so it's just fine for that. If you are a lady (or guy) with a lot of hair, this might not be the dryer for you. It's not super powerful, even on high, and is overall pretty cheap (look at the price.) It's nice if you just need something to get by and don't want to spend a lot of money."
"love the wall mount. Turns out it wasn't all that easy to mount, especially if you are patience impaired. Four months later it over heats and shuts off. I do have long (almost hip length) and thick. It generally takes 30-45 min to dry my hair. I can't blame the hair dryer for over heating. It usually takes 3-4 minutes to cool down and finish the job. I don't like that it only has 1 heat setting. A &#34;cool&#34; air setting would be GREAT! Especially when it is already hot and humid. The night light is VERY bright, not a bad thing, but it could be turned down just a tad. I think I'll do more research before I buy another one. But I definitely do love the wall mount."
"Conair use to be a great product, and due to the fact of personal use over thirty years of different hair dryers, I purchased this model. The folding andel, and retractable cord were attractive to me, but the dryer did not last a year. I used it every morning for three to five minutes, but everything now a days is built cheap, and doesen't last. Same with this model. Great size for travel, or small storage, but don't expect it to last."
"I have had better, Not very hot."
"I really wanted to love this dryer as it comes highly recommended by professional stylists.  I used it twice, it dried my hair quickly and somewhat smooth using a ceramic ion brush.  I was pleased with the results, after all this was a big step up from the half broken one I purchased from Sally's years ago.  Then I visited my mother who recently purchased a new drier, the rusk w8less.  She told me I should try it.  When I used the rusk I was amazed at how fast it dried my hair and how  smooth and silky my hair felt.  I was in LOVE!!! It was a huge step up from the twinturbo.  I had to have the rusk, so I returned the twinturbo.  I could not be happier w the customer service.  Refund was super smooth.  So for the drier 3 stars customer service via Amazon and the seller 5 stars.<br /><br />Pros:  Dries fast, smooth results, nice button position.<br /><br />Cons: Heavy, the wind screen on the back has no cover, just flimsy screen. On both occasions I used the drier my long hair was sucked into the screen, causing it to tangle and burn.  In my opinion this is a design flaw. The hole in the back of the dryer is the circumference of my fist!<br /><br />Look to the rusk w8less!  It's an outstanding dryer!"
"Not as strong as the older built unit with same stock #, name, and specs."
To much noise but does the work.
"I don't believe the hair dryer is worth the price. All I can say is that it did not out perform my 5-year old, $30 CONAIR that I purchased from Target."
Nice hair dryer for everyday & travel.<br />Has on-going problems with the retractable cord.
Cord doesn't retract very well
I liked it but ended up returning b/c it was a bit heavy for my arthritic hands.
Thanks to all
The cord does not retract very well.
"Great powerful not too noisy dryer for about a year, then it loses power.  Even at this price, I expect a blow dryer to last longer than a year of home use by one person."
makes hair straight but oh my god. it plugs out every 5 seconds.
"It is nice and compact, however not showing in the description on-line is that it will only run in low speed when using the 220 voltage.  This wouldn't work with my hair therefore I had to return it."
This hair dryer works well but it is larger and heavier than I expected and my hair seems to get caught in it a bit. I would have liked it better were it much lighter weight and smaller.
It works but i always end up having a sore throat the next morning..<br /><br />maybe because i swallow some but hey  it works and cheap
Does well so far on high speed but has overheated and shut off twice on low speed. Mounting was easy as reviews have stated and it is very strong on high but it probably should be a single speed. The night light is nice to have in the bathroom. Overall I'm happy with it but you may be disappointed if the low speed is important to you.
"Frankly, I used to have a Conair 1875 watts that was much better than this one.  It barely could blow and definitely not hot enough.  I gave it to my mom since it's small and very light and she doesn't have much hair, but it was unusable for me.  Still searching for a good hair blower..."
"I purchased this product because quite a few of the Youtube vloggers I follow use/recommended it. I liked that it dried my hair well and that it had 4 different settings from cool to hot, but I found that if you hold it by the nozzle end like I do, it heats up ALOT! I used it primarily on the warm setting applying the tension method to my (4b/4c) hair and it was fine. I accidentally had it on the hot setting initially and that was too much heat for my hair. There's not much that's special about this dryer, but overall, it's a powerful, not too pricey option if you are looking for a professional style hairdryer."
"It works OK. Easy to use. Nothing special about it.  It says for salon use but, it would take to long to dry Salon hair. I had a salon use blow dryer and it dried my hair much faster but the price was around $200 to replace it.  so, for the price of the MHD dryer it works just fine. It just takes longer."
"It is quite larger and heavier than I anticipated. I know that the cord retracts into the handle but if the handle were a little narrower, it would make gripping it easier for someone with smallish hands like myself.  Other than that it is a great hair dryer."
Can a blow dryer be too powerful?.. the answer is yes.. it is very well made but it is so powerful if drys my hair so fast I can't style it with my round brush for a good blow out.. resulting in frizz that I have to correct with a flat iron.. this was on low setting.. the high setting might as well be a jet engine. . I'm keeping it to use on my poodle because she needs to be dryer quickly.. one major plus though it does not get very hot thus limiting the damage you will do.
I really wanted more speeds as it turns out. Not very powerful. I gave it to my husband who doesn't have much hair.
"this is a quality hair dryer, no doubt about that. But in my search to replace an old and cheap one, i didn't consider the size and weight of these newer, salon quality ones. Very impressed when i received it, but found it quite heavy and loud, due to a more powerful motor w/ multiple features. The mid-heat setting, which i was really looking forward to ( having only 'unbearably hot' on my prior dryer) was actually pretty cool and the warm setting not really that warm. maybe that's something to get used to, but didn't seem to dry my hair that fast. the other issue for me was simply that the dryer was so much larger that it wouldn't fit in my vanity drawer, and with no other storage option, had to find a model that fit."
"Decent hairdryer, but doesn't really help my hair's tendency to frizz. Also don't like the placement of the &#34;cool&#34; button, I'm always pressing it accidentally. Overall, fine but wouldn't buy again."
The powers is not as great as previous dryers I have owned. I bought it because it was pink & pretty. Wish I hadn't now.
"I bought this for the retractable cord, used it barely three times a month since I got it, and the cord stopped retracting. Still a decent buy if you get it on sale, since it works as an ionic dryer should. Would have been perfect if it came with a diffuser and the retractable cord hadn't stopped retracting in less than a year with limited use."
"I gave it as a Christmas present. It looks pretty nice, but she didn't like it and asked me to exchange it for something else. She liked the look of it, confirmed It is less noisy than normal hair dryers, but simply took longer than normal hair dryer for her long hair."
"It's cheap, not that great. Not professional but it will work for probably  a year or two.  The buttons are not good because they are plastic sliders, and will probably break first.  I notice no anti frizz with this versus what I had with a professional one that broke before."
If you ask me this product doesn't work much different than the Redken Full Frame 07 Protective Volumizing Mousse.  The mousse works better than the lotion it never makes your hair flat not even in the back.  I even tried a reviewer's tips and it didn't make a difference. I have fine hair.  I'll continue to use it because it makes my hair soft.
"When it works right it is my dream blowdryer.  Yes, the<br />controls can easily get flipped around, but the temp and<br />air flow is ideal for those of us with super fine  and fragile<br />curly hair.  Whatever they are doing to these ion hairdryers<br />is nothing desirable for me.  They always frizz me out.<br />  I use the high heat high speed setting with the hot air<br />pik to straighten and volumize my hair, or use round brushes<br />and vary the heat along each section of hair.  No matter how<br />I style it, I come out with much shinier less frizzy hair.<br />Rewind about 2003-2004: Bought this model in a store,<br />loved it, and used it til it died in about 2007. Bought<br />another from a different store.  Everything was fine at first.<br />Then when I would use it the breaker would trip.  At first<br />it only happened once or twice, which is just one of those<br />things that can happen for no good reason.  I bought another<br />after the electrician ok'd everything.  I figured it was just a<br />bad dryer.  So I bought one more from a different store.<br />Worked fine until it sparked and a flame came out the end.<br />After a burned hand I decided I should try and find another<br />dryer.  Around 2012 I was talking to a friend who works in<br />the salon industry and she told me the company that made<br />my favorite dryer had changed the way they made them.<br />That made me think it was worth one last shot.  I have moved<br />from where I used all my other dryers.  First couple dries went<br />great.  However, I don't trust it not to use it in a non GFCI<br />outlet.  Last couple times I used it the GFCI activated and<br />turned it off.  Now I'm convinced it is a safety hazard, or<br />at the very least a challenge the electrical system doesn't<br />need.  I'm heartbroken over that.  If the manufacturer could<br />address that problem, I would be SO happy.<br />The seller on Amazon was reasonably priced and got my<br />item to me quickly and ingood condition."
Great hair dryer. It gets the job done really fast however the only qualm I have is that the cord is only three foot long.
"Not as good as the original Conair 1875. Makeovers and upgrades don't always yield the best results. For instance, this 1875 replica. Lacks the basic functions a blow dryer should have, such as temperature adjustment. There is only a setting for high and low fan speed. Also, in order to use the air only feature with no heat, the cooling button has to be pressed and held down to use this basic function. This causes a person's fingers to get tired, holding a button over using a sliding switch. Then there is the retracted cord that is missing. That was probably the most valuable feature for the original Conair 1875. Made the dryer much more portable. Even useful when not traveling. Now the new 1875 has its cord sprawled all over the bathroom counter. The original is much better. This is slightly smaller with about 10 watts more power and a directional air controller, but overall not worth the investment."
"Thie texture on this dryer feels nice, but it's much heavier than my last one. It hasn't gotten &#34;sticky&#34; as some have noted, but I've only used it for a few weeks. It comes with a tiny diffuser, which was good, because my diffuser doesn't fit it. I wish I could get a larger one, but I'll have to look at an after market one - I'll probably have to take the dryer with me to make sure it will stay on. The dryer is pretty quiet and powerful, which is nice.<br /><br />One of the things I would change is the location of the buttons. I never fail to change the speed or heat when I'm using it. I use a stronger grip on it due to the weight, so it's easier for me to hit a button on accident.<br /><br />I wouldn't &#34;not&#34; recommend it, but I would suggest to keep looking a little bit more."
"My main complaint about this product is its strong plastic odor.  I've let it air out for days and it still smells..  It's a good product, and it is very quiet compared to other hair dryers.  I've own it several weeks now and the plastic components still really smell."
"This really could be almost the perfect hairdryer if for only 2 things.  It doesn't get hot enough and it's missing a cold shot button.  The air flow is perfect, I love the different speeds and heat settings, how it feels, the lenth of the cord, etc... It just doesn't get hot enough to straighten/smooth the hair like my CHI did, even at its hottest setting.  I need to flat iron afterwards (my hair has a medium natural wave).  I love the way the Elchim is made, so I'm going to try different models to see if they have what I'm looking for."
"This works good, but not as good as my old one that I got at Walmart for $15.00.  It's a little heavy and somewhat bulky but I like the fact that the cord recoils inside.  It keeps it out of the way, but the cord is not very long so you must stay close to the outlet.  I have very long hair and my old blow dryer dries my hair a lot faster than this one does. I had no need for the attachements so I tossed them in the trash.  It works OK, nothing to write home about."
"I spent a lot of time researching which hair dryer I wanted to purchase and I decided the Conair Infiniti Cord Reel was exactly what I was looking for. I always go to Amazon first when making a purchase so naturally I checked to see if it was available. It was in stock, listed for a great price and also included free super saver shipping I placed my order right away. When I got home from work today the Amazon box was waiting for me - Woo-Hoo! my new hair dryer! - I opened the box and instantly knew that what I was seeing was not what I had ordered. It was made by Conair, was the same color, had the same attachments and had the same model number on the bottom of the box but it was called the Conair You Reel (see the picture I posted above). I called Conair to find out if they had changed the name and packaging of this hair dryer. I was told by the Conair Customer Service Department that You Reel is a subsidiary of Conair and although it is covered by the same warranty as the Infinti it is NOT the Infiniti. I called Amazon customer service and as always they were very friendly and offered to either send me another hair dryer or refund my money. Since I haven't even plugged the hair dyrer in yet I wanted to try it before deciding to return/refund it. I have had several Conair hair dryers through the years and I'm sure this one will be just fine (I will update this review after I use it a few times). I've never had any problem when ordering from Amazon and will continue to do so but I just wanted to warn other people looking at this hair dryer that in this case what you see is not what you get."
Size is a little large but it works really well love the retractable cord.
"I like this unit after reading product description. I ordered it. I have to travel to countries where we have 220Volt power supply and I purchased a special voltage converter for hair dryers only.<br /><br />When I received it and read the safety guidlines in the note inside the package, I came to know I can not use this product with extension wires or with voltage converters. So this beautiful looking piece is no more good for me :("
"My old Conair ceramic hair dryer just died after about 4 yrs. Thought I would try this Ionic dryer. I've used it for about 3 wks now & have noticed no improvements to my hair. My hair is always shiny, so who can say? But as for frizzies or static hair, I have some issues & they were not improved by using this dryer. As others have said the buttons are a challenge to not press when using. You have to hold it by the sides only. Also the high speed is not much different from the low & neither blow that much air compared to my last dryer & many others I have had. But for what I pd it is a decent dryer. Nothing special, but it gets the job (of drying) done."
"After our old dryer bit the dust, I wanted to replace it with one that worked just as well, but also quieter, lighter, and had more features.  From reading the specs and reviews on this Andis 82005 dryer, I felt this one fit the bill. But after using it for a week, I have mixed feelings. Here is why:<br /><br />PROS:<br />1. Sleek looking (so what? Nice, but doesn't make your hair look any nicer)<br />2. Nice variety of attachments that stay attached nicely!<br />3. Long 10 ft. cord (if you need that, however I don't, and it really only gets in the way)<br />4. Hang loop<br />5. Dries hair fairly quickly (with Ion technology)<br />6. Outside stays cool to touch<br /><br />CONS:<br />1. Heavier than the last two dryers we've had (Hot Tools Tourmaline Lite 1043 --- see my review on that one, and CHI low-EMF dryer).<br />2. Dries hair no faster than the two abovementioned ionic dryers<br />3. NOT quiet (in fact, louder than the two abovementioned dryers!)<br />4. Not enough speed/heat settings. Not much difference in heat settings, although speed settings are adequate.<br />5. Comb attachment actually hurts your scalp! Feels very scratchy, due to squared ends of the teeth.<br />6. Shiny silver-colored exterior shows prints, etc. much more than others.<br /><br />All in all, not a bad dryer... I guess I expected more. But I would probably go with another one next time."
"Works fine, I just wish there was a cool setting for those hot days you have to blow dry your hair. It also seems like it doesn't get as hot as my other hair dryer this size."
"The hair dryer seems to be of good quality so far, but the color is deceiving by the picture.  I bought it specifically because it looked purple since that is my granddaughter's favorite color, but when it arrived, it was very pink, which was disappointing.  It should have had a better description in the specs."
I am happy with the fact that my hair does feel healthier but dry time which was supposed to be cut in half was not so. For the cost of the dryer I would have like directions to running the dryer. I have no idea what the difference is between Negative ions or neutral ions. This would be helpful since its all about the ions! Overall I feel like it is a good dryer just wish it had done all it was supposed to do for the price!
Does not blow hard enough for me. Bought a different brand and it works great!
"I've been using the Sonicare for many, many years, probably 15 years, when they first came out.  I have the Advance handle and Philips no longer makes replacement heads for the Advance handles but instead has a slightly different head called e-series that is supposed to fit the Advance handle.  I ordered the three pack of the e-series and it does fit the original Advance handle but be advised that he makes a louder noise when in use.  Apparently, the magnets on the e-series' don't match what was originally designed for the Advance handles.  I called Philips and demonstrated the noise difference over the phone to the technician and even she could tell the significant difference in noise.  It's not unbareable by any stretch but is not as comfortable as using the old replacement heads.  The technician did not know about the difference in noise, checked with others and then got back to me that, yes, there is a difference in noise.  Philips should tell the user about this difference.  It's no big deal, but should be disclosed.<br /><br />What I found interesting also is that the new package says to replace the heads every 3 months.  The old packaging said every 6 months.  When I asked the technician about this and asked if this meant that the new heads were not made as well as the old heads and was this part of the American corporate conspiracy to have consumers buy more and spend more, she said they changed the recommendation on the advice of dental professionals.  Whether these dental professionals are part of the conspiracy, I do not know.  Whether the new heads are not as well built as the old, I also don't know.  But in any event, since I've been using the Sonicare for the past 15 years or so I've changed heads every six months or so and my teeth have not fallen out and I've had no complaints from my dentist.  I guess I'll update this review four months from now and advise whether my teeth have fallen out and are full of cavities all because I didn't change the replacement head after three months.<br /><br />But to Philips credit, at least they didn't simply stop making a head to fit the Advance handle and thereby force the consumer to buy a new handle for the new heads.  The e-series does fit, albeit not perfectly.<br /><br />Stay tuned.e replacement head after three months.    But to Philips credit, at least they didn't simply stop making a head to fit the Advance handle and thereby force the consumer to buy a new handle for the new heads.  The e-series does fit, albeit not perfectly.    Stay tuned."
"This dryer is &#34;ok&#34; I was hoping for something a little more powerful than what I already had. It gets the job done but no quicker than my other blow dryer...in fact I feel like it takes my hair a bit longer to try.  And it is HEAVY. After reading the great reviews, I guess I was hoping for something more than it actually was--which is a regular &#34;ok&#34; hair dryer."
"The dryer light stopped working after 3 weeks. It did not matter much. Today, exactly 1 year and 3 days after my purchase the on/off switch stopped working and I had to use the breaker on the unit to turn it off. I called the manufacturer and confirmed that the warranty is 1 year, but since it is just couple of days over, they agreed to send me a replacement. It is a direct connect so I need to take the wiring out and replace it with a new one. Oh well!, at least I got a replacement."
"Not big on heat styling my hair anyway but I expected more. It's a subpar blow dryer at best. It'll dry your hair eventually but I also have thick, naturally kiny-curly (4a/b) hair. Maybe if it had a comb attachment to it would have been more useful but just not for me. I can get the blow look with a low heat setting on my flat iron."
"Love this dryer.love that its red, not happy with the concentrater it did not fit on the end. Had to use an old one I had. But the andis dryer I had before is on its fourth year. I am a hair dresser so I use it a lot! The only reason I brought it home was because the vent on the front broke. So I can't use it on clients any more. I am sure I will enjoy this one if not I am sure u will hear about it"
"I can't say I am disappointed, but my last Conair was better.  However, it burnt out within a year, possibly because I dropped it, but this time I didn't want to spend too much cash to replace it and that one is no longer available.  FYI--The one I had and bought on Amazon was:  Conair 213XP Infiniti Professional Tourmaline Ceramic Technology Ionic Styler, Black<br /><br />I selected this one because I was so pleased with the last one.<br /><br />The color and functionality of this dryer are it's best features.  It probably makes a better &#34;travel&#34; dryer than anything.  It doesn't allow you to adjust the temp (cool, warm, hot), but it does have a cold shot button.  You can only choose High or Low speeds.  I totally missed those details in the online description that before my purchase.  I did watch the video and it is what sold me, but the video makes this dryer look more powerful than it really is.  Perhaps if you don't have thick hair like me it would perform more to my liking.<br /><br />In my opinion, I don't think it is even close to salon performance.  It says it uses ion technology, but my last Conair that was labeled ionic worked so much better and dried my hair faster with hardly any frizz.  This gets the job done, It dries my hair pretty fast, but my hair is very frizzy after which annoys me.  I will probably take the plunge and buy a higher-end hair dryer in the future, until then, this is OK and will get me through!"
"Bit on the noisy side. Has more of the high pitch tone that makes it annoying. Otherwise, nice and light weight."
Nice hair dryer but very heavy.
"Initially I really liked this hair dryer.  It worked well and ran quietly, but it suddenly stopped working.  While it worked fine yesterday, when I plugged it in this morning it just wouldn't turn on.  Because I've owned it less than two months, I've requested a replacement through Amazon to give it another a try."
"When this hairdryer came i was super excited. I bought to replace the one i had bought back in high school (longer ago than I care to remember).  It works well, nothing special.  It's nice that the cord can be stored inside the dryer istelf, but leaves the plug portion just hanging out awkwardly so it makes it kind of hard to store in a regular sized vanity drawer. It comes with two attachments which i use and find helpful when drying my hair for special occasions.  it's okay, probably would have gone with one that was a little bit cheaper if i had to do it over again."
"This dryer does the job, but it's a little loud, and it doesn't seem to get as hot as my last dryer.  It takes a little longer to dry my hair, but at the price I paid, it was still a good value.  I've had it for many months and it still works fine."
"It gets the job done quickly and effectively, for an old man who has little hair left."
"**UPDATE 07/09/17**  This dryer has been getting very hot on the hand piece. It makes a click noise and then gets hot. I recently saw sparks shoot when the clicking occured and am scared to use it. My husband and I looked at it together and he was able to see it spark multiple times while on. I hate that this has occured but feel the need to warn others.<br />Original review: his almost perfect. I love the finish. Very hot with several great settings. Its a bit heavy. The cord is a bit short. My hair has been sucked into the mesh filter in back several times, knotting it and burning it. I have longer hair and this happens when I flip my head over and the ends touch the back of the dryer while drying roots. I have had to learn to keep space. I would buy it again though."
"i wanted a bonnet hair dryer to deep condition my hair....i remember the one my mother had over 20 years ago...they sure dont make them like that anymore, that one provided FULL drying coverage it wasnt just blowing heat out the top and with a prayer and tilt of head forward hopes it drys the back and sides of the head too....which is what this one does...i was thinking of returning it but after researching others as it turns out they all seem to be like this...so ill keep it...it gets really hot when on the high setting (not the air the dryer itself) and on first use it tripped my electrical plug....."
Love it but it's so small. Can't wear rollers with it unless your willing to put in the time to stretch out the cap and pull your hair.
Spends most of it's time in my drawer taking up space and collecting dust now.  It is definitely not analogous to having a third arm.
This product has some nice features. I have purchased two of them for different bathrooms in my home.  I was surprised when the first one I bought died after barely passing the two year mark.  I may buy another one just because I like this dryer but I definitely know what to expect now.
Not as strong as i expected
"I bought this hari dryer about 2.5 years ago. I liked the fact that it was mounted and had the night light. It was never the most powerful hairdryer but I generally only dry my bangs and just fluff the water off the top of the curls, so I wasn't that worried about it. If I was pulling and straightening my hair every day, this would not have been enough power. That said, it worked fine for what I needed. However, today it started to spark. This is not hard wired, its just a plug in model. I was pretty surprised because it gave no other indication that it was wearing out. I would expect most hair dryers that are used lightly to last longer than this. Too bad.     Considering the higher price tag for the wall mounted version and the short life of the product, I would not buy it again."
"I enjoyed using this at the beginning.  After few months of use, it gets over hot easily and I have to stop and wait until it cools down."
The dryer seems to be of good quality and would be easy to use if the nozzle were shorter.  I like the hairdryer itself very much but the nozzle is so long that I can't style the back of my hair easily.  I have shorter arms but I have never had this problem with other hair dryers.  Do you have a shorter nozzle to fit this dryer?  I bought this dryer because my old one was wearing out and a piece of the nozzle came off - making it difficult to use.
"I travel fairly frequently, so hotels are a routine affair. I saw this hair dryer at a hotel recently. Its performance was impressive for its size. As soon as I got home I ordered one. I found the included mounting kit (screws, 3M tape, dry wall anchors) a little flimsy. I used a better wall anchor to mount the dryer.<br /><br />All was well for 3 days. The hair dryer worked like a champ, until the third day when the on/off switch blew up in my hands. The switch had shorted out, causing a large poof of smoke/fire. This of course happened just after I had tossed the original packaging and Amazon shipping box. So I contacted the manufacture about a replacement. They were VERY interested in getting this dryer to the corporate offices ASAP. They sent out FedEx the next day to pick up the device to be sent back. I just received my replacement device, it took 15 days in total to receive it.<br /><br />I really hope this one lasts a bit longer.<br /><br />EDIT: I added photos to the product page showing how the switch blew up."
"I was in the market for a new hair dryer after my previous one gave out after a few years.  I did considerable research, and was drawn to this one by the great reviews and the low price.<br /><br />This one is suitable, but I'm going to keep looking for a new one.<br /><br />Cons:<br />- It increased my drying time (I previously had an inexpensive Revlon)<br />- Even on the highest setting, the temperature does not get that hot<br />- It is a bit on the heavy side<br /><br />Pros:<br />- The retractable cord is great for storage"
"Great blow dryer, just a little more heavy than I expected"
"Just got this blow dryer.  It doesn't blow as hot as I expected it to heat up.  Just used it to style my hair.  But is definitely better than the ones you'd find a Walmart, etc...My hair is relaxed and tends to absorb a lot of water.  I Will post an update later with additional feedback..."
"I bought this hair dryer two years ago, and it worked great for its tiny size. However, after flipping the voltage switch to 220 for trips abroad and then back to 120 for domestic trips several times, the switch got misaligned and it was stuck on 220. I figured I'd just have to keep it at that setting, as it still worked okay. But a week later the entire handle fell apart in my hand."
"The main reason I bought this hair dryer 2 years age, it's because it was advertised as being quiet. (I can't stand noisy hair dryers) and although it's not as quiet as I expected, it is quieter than all of the other ones I've bought.  It's has great power, it's light, easy to handle and it leaves my hair smooth and shinny.  2 Weeks ago it started to fail, I couldn't turn it off, so I'd just unplug it, but this morning it completely stopped working.  So over all, I think I did get my money's worth, because I blow dry my hair every single day and it takes about 10 min, so the price is really good vs. the quality. I even bought another one just now.  Hope this helps."
The hair dryer runs a little hotter than I wanted.  Otherwise it is a good dryer for those who want a less powerful hair dryer.
"This hair dryer was too heavy, and, although it claims 1875 watt, it was neither as strong or hot as the ION I had been using"
"Bought this for my wife, who liked the product until three of the plastic fan blades broke after 15 months of use. Most likely just one broke off, and its rattling around inside the housing immediately caused others to start breaking. Now the dryer is worthless. The warranty was for one year, so no luck there, and replacement parts cannot be found. Maybe 15 months is OK for a hair dryer at this price point, I don't know. I'm buying another, and hope it breaks in under 12 months this time."
"I really very much liked this hair dryer while it lasted, which was about 6 months.  If I had written the review earlier, I'd have given it 5 stars.  But, suddenly, the high speed fan stopped working, the low speed works, but it's hotter than it was (which scares me a little).  It gets such great reviews, both on Amazon and Consumer Reports.  But why did it die so soon?  My previous cheep hair dryers have always lasted for years!  Now the best Amazon can offer is approx. 50% refund if I send it back since the 30-day return policy is past."
"It's a good dryer, but it am downgrading it for not being brand new. The item we received was an open item, with signs of usage. The package was not sealed and the manual was missing."
"for the size of the dryer, it's quite heavy and there is no attachment for the end of the dryer to direct flow.  less than ideal."
"Normally I would have rated this item as very high. However of the 3 Hair Dryers purchased, one was defective. While the hair dyer aspect worked, the green light (bottom left side) did not. This defect was not apparent until the Hair Dryer was installed. I understood this to be a good hair dryer, but a defection like this does not look good. I will be thinking twice about any future purchases of this Hair Dryer (regarding product quality) as I can't afford to have a defective unit installed. I had to give my customer a 40% discount because of this. NOT GOOD. Thank you, David"
this blowdryer does work and blows great but the only problem i have is its to small i will buy a new one and give this one to my 11yr old daughter
I purchased this unit when the more expensive hair dryer I had purchased from Staples online had a bonnet that would not have fit the head of a tiny baby....let alone an adult with curlers in her hair!<br />  this dryer is very lightweight and doesn't put out very hot air but it is sufficient to dry your hair (just takes a little longer) and the price was great.
"I bought the Andis 1600 hair dryer as an alternative to the Conair 1600.  The Conair 1600 is now impossible to find anywhere, but I don't like the more up-to-date 1875 watt Conairs as they blow either too hot or too cool.  The Andis has four settings instead of two or three on Conair dryers, which provides good heat control.  It's very robust and not too heavy.<br />What I didn't know when I originally wrote this review was that the first one would only last 8 months.  However, a replacement dryer I received under warranty is still going a year and a half later, so maybe I was unlucky the first time around."
"The dryer arrived as pictured......however, the cord is REALLY long and hard to manage.  It would be helpful to know this since a super lengthy cord could be challenging in a small bathroom.......Conair needs to shorten this cord by a good 12 inches."
"I like it, it dries my hair quickly. However, I have long, wavy hair, and it gets caught easily in the fan of the dryer (ouch.) I wouldn't necessarily recommend this dryer for curly hair, even with the diffuser my hair gets pretty frizzy and falls flat."
"this dryer works great, folds up nicely, the only thing is... the handle, it is to big around, and it is to smooth, I had a hard time hanging on to it.If it had some ridges that might have helped. And it was hard trying to hold the cool button down while trying to set my hair."
Works as a blow drier but not as well as the RV544 for just a little bit more money.
After 15 minutes of constant operation the connection betwee. The two parts started melting. Other than that everything else is pretty satisfying.
"I'm a guy with medium length hair that needs a hair dryer to speed up the process.<br /><br />My last hair dryer was a vidal sassoon similiar to the size of this one and just very basic. Worked great for several years then just quit putting out heat.<br /><br />This one had good reviews and was cheap. So I bought it.<br /><br />Although it worked to dry my hair and was basic and did the job, exactly what I wanted, it smelt like burning plastic. Maybe it's jsut a new hair dryer? Regardless, I am returning it due to another review where someone had a larger issue arrive from this.<br /><br />I plan on purchasing a much more expensive hair dryer to get a better quality product. Wish a company could make a small, powerful hair dryer for $20 that just worked and was durable."
I've been using these powerful little dryers about 15 years because they fit nicely on the side of my vanity under an extended countertop. The only problem is that they only last about 1 1/2 to 2 years with 2 people using them daily - but the price is right.
"Kind of weak, not quite powerful or hot enough for my liking."
"(FYI) only produces an adequate heat on the high setting, medium and low settings only achieve a warm temp. Low price, sturdy, long thick cord, very light, strong fan."
When I opened the box i was surprised by how nice it was. It has 3 different levels and the directions even recomend whates better for your hair type. Their is no problem with it its just i thought it would give off more heat. My hair is thick and it took longer than expected for it to dry. I am just gonna use it till it breaks i guess.
"I know this was voted Best Hairdryer!!! by like 5 beauty magazines, and it does seem to dry hair pretty efficiently, but this review applies to guys with short hair that need to use a hair dryer to SHAPE their hair into styles (such as mohawks or fauxhawks). This is USEFUL for you stylish gents who are not just looking for a device to merely dry hair.<br /><br />I find that the high setting air current is not strong enough to really get your hair into staying straight upwards (if you're going for a mohawk or even a pompadour) and keep it there (the way some of the stronger hairdryers can). Especially if you have a thicker hair structure (wavy, curly), or your hair falls naturally in a certain way but you want it to be styled in an opposite direction. Using more hair product helps a little, but a stronger air current will work better (even though it is more damaging for your hair & scalp, so USE CAREFULLY AND WISELY)<br /><br />I figured there are enough men out there looking for just this function, so I figured I'd help you all out."
"I have thick Polynesian hair so in my case, it doesn't give off enough blow power to get through my large mane. Looks like a good idea though."
"I bought this to replace my &#34;Conair Infinity Pro&#34; hairdryer. What attracted me to this Andis was the &#34;salon grade&#34; and the ionic/ceramic attributes. Overall this is a good hair dryer, but it doesn't blow as hard as the Conair it replaced. This was HUGE for me, as I like a good air flow. It takes longer for my wife to dry her hair because of it, so we went back to our old brand. It does, however, leave your hair &#34;silkier&#34; which was a surprise to me. I didn't think an ionic dryer could do that, but it does. The two settings it has for wattage didn't seem to make much of a difference, but it's a nice touch. I'm sure there's a reason for the option, but I can't think of anything it's useful for. I put it on the high setting and let it go. The retractable cord is nice, but it doesn't reel the cord all the way in, leaving about 16in left dangling. After a few weeks of use, it reels in even less, now leaving about 20 or so inches hanging.<br /><br />Pro: Silky hair, somewhat retractable cord, two wattage settings (that I'll prob never use).<br />Con: Takes longer to dry long, thick hair as the air current isn't as strong as I'd like.<br /><br />I wouldn't buy this again or recommend it, but if you don't mind a slightly weaker air flow, the ionic silkiness is worth it."
"This Conair dryer is decent. The extension makes it most convenient to use while sitting on the floor, which can be convenient. Also the air only comes from out of the back, and not the front or the sides, and no matter what the setting is you'll need to be under the dryer for at least an hour. But, for the price, and if you can find some comfortable way to sit, it is worth it for those days when you don't have time to head to the hair salon."
"This model replaces an earlier one that put out a lot of heat, but the replacement  one, while seemingly appearing to have been upgraded, does not put out the level of heat as the one I replaced after several years of use. That one died. Also, the digital clock is not included in the replacement model. That was a feature much appreciated so without it I feel a bit more of disapointment. However, the replacement model does look smart mounted on the bathroom wall."
"I have thick and wavy hair type which frizz easily and takes a long time to blow dry using conventional non ionic hair dryers. When I first started using T3's pro ionic/ceramic hair dryer last year,I noticed and felt an immediate difference on my hair. After using it for about two months, I'm very happy with the results. My hair became more manageable and is less frizzy. It is soft and smooth. I thought all the Touramaline ionic/ceramic hair dryers would produce similar results. So I was searching for a less expensive alternative one so that I can have two ionic dryers on hand. I read the positive reviews on this Andis hair dryer, then I decided to purchase it. I'm thankful the delivery was super fast! After using it a few times, I have to say the result is just mediocre. Compare to T3, this Andis model loses its shine! My hair feels dry after using it. It doesn't seem to be able to smooth out my hair or create shine and eliminate frizz as well as the T3 does. It works just like a regular hair dryer for me, except because of the ionic in it, it does dry hair faster than non-ionic hair dryers. Overall, here are the pros & cons in my opinion on this Andis 75370 Tourmaline ionic/ceramic hair dryer.<br /><br />PROS: It has a beautiful black and gold finish on the exterior; a good size for home use; powerful air flow; dries hair fast; 3 heat settings/2 air speeds; has the cool shot button;<br /><br />CONS: feels heavy on hand & noisy; heat settings/air speeds settings are in odd position, the switches seem to get in the way while holding and using the dryer; the blue ion indicator light is extremely bright, it's very annoying; the overall result in terms of adding silkiness and shine isn't impressive; not sure if the heating material is made with solid ceramic?<br /><br />The Bottom line: This hair dryer is not bad, it does the drying job alright. I just don't think it's great for those with thick/wavy & coarse hair type hoping to get smoother and luster result after blow dry. If your hair type is normal & fine, frizz is not the major concern for you, you may be okay and satisfied with this one.w dry. If your hair type is normal & fine, frizz is not the major concern for you, you may be okay and satisfied with this one."
This does dry my hair.  It is very light and compact but it does not have a lot of power even for my short hair!
My girlfriend loved this dryer...except for the fact that the motor died after a year...super annoyed
"I bought this to replace a similar Andis dryer that I bought 2 years ago that konked out.  This one looked similar, but was much louder.  The old one was billed as being quiet; this one was not. A quiet hairdryer is the most important quality for me, so now I am off to find one..."
"Since I am using this on almost a daily basis (to take to and from the gym) I find it to be a little more heavy than I would prefer.  However, it works well and dries pretty quickly with minimal frizz.  I like that it has the cool shot option.  I ended up getting the Baby Bliss travel dryer because it is about 1/2 the weight and I really like it.  However, it doesn't have the cool temp option so I'm hanging onto this one for backup."
"I really wanted to love this hair dryer, and I do except for one thing: the placement of the control buttons is terrible! I constantly turn off the dryer and switch the heat settings with my hand while I'm drying my hair. It is pretty annoying.  Besides that, the dryer is great. It helps to smooth my hair and dries it quickly. It also looks really nice. Overall, it is okay, but I don't think I would have purchased it had I known about the problem with the control buttons."
"Adequate, not too loud, but only two temps and two speeds. Since I knew the specs before I purchased, I wasn't surprised, but I did expect the &#34;Hot&#34; setting to be warmer. The &#34;Warm&#34; is barely above cool."
"This was easy to assemble. It feels sturdy. Everything works as it should. The only drawback is that all the air blows from the top, not the sides, so my hair dries unevenly. Also, the hood is rather long and skinny, so there isn't much room to move or use curlers, if you ever wanted to."
The comb attachment consistly flies when trying to dry hair. The design is flawed as that the comb does not stay securely when using the dryer. Thought that is the comb attachment came with the dryer it would fit securely!
Just because a hair dryer is pretty and sturdy does not mean I like it. It's very loud and very heavy. Also it's very powerful. I have natural curly hair and even with the diffuser it's too powerful and makes may hair frizz. I will be trying the Conair Curl Fusion Ionic<br />Ceramic Styler Hair Dryer because I heard it's better for curly hair and not as heavy or loud.
"Despite the hype on this product, do not expect less frizz-- it is not one of those specifically ionic ones.  My sister who has used this product and some cheap ionic one, said that she had better results with other blow-dryers.  Ionic blow-dryers give my thick hair a smoother, healthier result, but this blow-dryer does no wonders.      Blow-drying time is also not very short (I have long, semi-thick hair and it takes FOREVER to blow-dry...  air dry only takes slightly more than double the blow dry time.   Can you blame me for not liking to use this blow-dryer?).  I like the cool setting, but other than that, nothing cool.  I can't believe I invested into this blow-dryer!      On the other hand, it seems to be reliable and may last a while.... but all of my cheaper blow-dryers did last a while also (in fact, I still have them but I wanted an upgrade).    I like the separate vent cleaner.  No more clogged vents!  That feature and the easy to use cool feature make this product better than my previous cheap one.  I feel that this was a poor investment.      I have no idea how the other reviewers got great results, but my great results came with great products."
"This dryer is just cheap.  Cheap, lightweight, plasticky feeling.  Granted, it IS all of those things but I have a much nicer travel hair dryer that doesn't feel like it is just going to snap in two...unfortunately my other one doesn't have a diffuser which is the sole reason I got this one.  But hey, it's only for travel..."
This hair dryer is not as strong as I was hoping.  It's ordinary.  It was cheap enough so I won't bother returning it.
"Works pretty well, but I've been using it just over a year and now every time I turn it on, it trips my surge protector just a couple minutes in. It makes drying my thick head of hair a rather extensive process with having to turn it off, let it cool down, and then reset the surge protector, which otherwise works fine. I unplug everything else from it when using the dryer?which I didn't have to do before, but now if I don't, the dryer shuts off even more frequently. I just purchased another dryer from another brand as result."
"The dryer looks good and works. I ordered this because a friend's recommendation. Honestly, I feel it is a bit overly expensive. I was hoping my hair would be smooth and shiny after use but the outcome was not that great. Plus, there is no English manual, only Japanese one. A bit frustrated."
My main issue with this blow dryer is that the attachments slide off easily. I have natural textured African American hair. When I blow dry my hair I split my hair into 6 sections and use a quarter size amount of grapeseed oil in my hair as a natural heat protector. I think the dryer is great for the price but I wish that the attachments were able to lock on way better than they do. When this dryer kicks the bucket I will not repurchase because it is really annoying to keep sliding the comb attachment back on....ugh!
"Bought this because I wanted a retracting cord, and so many reviews RAVED about the dryer itself.  After using it for a few weeks, I can say the drier is fine BUT<br />1) 3 speeds with 1 temp each (you can't go medium heat, high speed, for example - it's low/low, med/med, or high/high<br />2) the cord doesn't fully retract, even with some jiggling.  It retracts enough for my purposes (I leave it plugged in under my sink, and drop the unit in a basket)<br />3) it's kind of noisy, but does dry hair fast so overall exposure is probably less"
"I really like the hangup dryers because they save counter space. I don't like this as much as the  last one I had (when it stopped working I threw it away before writing down the manufacturer so I couldn't reorder it), but I'm sure I'll get used to it. It's heavier than my previous dryer, and I'd really like a setting that's between LOW and HIGH, temperature-wise. Fairly easy to attach to the wall, although the template wasn't of much use."
"I have curly hair and in order to dry it without frying it, I like to use a diffuser, a low fan setting and a mid heat setting.  This hair dryer claims to have all of that, but the &#34;warm&#34; heat setting is so cool that I have to use &#34;hot&#34; if I ever want my hair to actually dry.  The &#34;hot&#34; setting is what it claims to be and can be downright scalp scalding.  I have no problem with the hot setting being that hot, I appreciate it when I'm straightening my hair, but the &#34;warm&#34; setting is insufficient for my needs.<br /><br />Other than that, the hair dryer is great, the attachments work well (the condenser doesn't spin like I've had happen on other hair dryers) the retractable cord doesn't have any problems, the air intake never sucks my long hair in and the color is even a nice midway point between red and pink."
The hair dryer itself is a great dryer for the price. I had owned one for 6 years before it broke. So I bought another one. But this one is a revised model of the original one I bought when these first came out. And they have considerably shortened the length of the cord. Very bad for  salon use or if your outlet is more then two feet away. Other then that I have no complaints about this product.
"The hairdryer blows air very softly if that's such a thing.  Needs more power, I feel like it takes longer to dry my hair."
"I have very naturally healthy and shiny, very straight dark hair, like that of the Native Amercans. My hair holds a curl very well. I already owned 2 different kinds of ceramic wavers and was looking for a more natural and less kinky kind of wave. This waver is ok, but not really what I expected. In my opinion it is not much different than the other wavers that are not described as DEEP wavers. I do hold Hot Tools brand in high regard from owning their products for numerous years. I would definitely take this deep waver over the other regular wavers, but wish I wouldn't have invested more money into the same kind of thing, more or less. I also do not like the dial adjustment used to set the temp on this because it is loose and changes on its own. I taped mine down so that it wouldn't accidentally set to a higher temp and burn my hair. Hope this is helpful."
"The John Frieda JF1 does all it says it will. Shiny hair with no static. Dries quickly without the high pitched roar of other dryers. The overall look is very nice. Just one major problem...its very heavy. If you are in it for the long haul,as with long thick hair styling,you better be young and strong. I am over sixty and have medium length fine hair and I find it easier to just use the curling Iron on most days. If you are not using the blow dryer for styling it works just fine and comes with several heads for specific drying."
"Not very strong. Does the job. Doesn't have a lot of heft so it makes me think it won't last long, which is fine since we don't really love it."
"I loved this...while it lasted.  After 3 weeks, it stopped working.  I also was not able to register it with the manufacturer and receive warranty coverage because Amazon is not a registered dealer. The seller has agreed to replace it when I mail the product back. Just be aware of these potential issues."
"- First of all, it came in it's original packaging, but it looked like it had been opened before - multiple times. I was sceptical, but I plugged it in and tried it out. It was a little heavy, but worked nicely. Though I didn't like that you can't change "
I bought this in late August 2012. I take very good care of my hair products and this barely lasted a year. Recently it has overheated very quickly and today it went out and started smoking from the inside and through the cord. Pretty disappointing that it didn't last more than a year but you get what you pay for.
I love it! Heats up nice it isn't to heavy the only down side is that by the switches I have a little gap and on the other side you can see glue holding it together. Also the item I was sent was clearly a return the box was open and nothing was in a plastic bag. So far so good but I really hope it holds up
"I was looking for something to travel with, that is why I was attracted to the fold down and retractable cord.  I tested it and it seemed to work fine but it's too big for travel, even with the handle folded.  The price was good so I may keep it as a back up to my regular hair dryer but now I need to look for a smaller one for my suitcase."
"I like this hair dryer, but it's just not well suited for a man's use - especially in the gym.  I had purchased it to dry my hair during the winter months.  It is not overly loud and provides a high volume of air - too much to manage the shorter hair most men wear.  It's also much heavier than I expected it to be.  I decided to go with a model with a comb and brush attachment.<br /><br />A word of caution concerning the folding handle on this unit.  The first time I used it I had my forefinger too close to the top of the handle and it pinched the heck out of me.  I still have a sore spot on my finger a week later.  Be careful when opening."
"This hair dryer is decent.  It is quieter than my previous hair dryer, but I wish it was a little quieter, especially since being quiet is supposed to be one of it's key features.  I love whatever material it is made of.  Whatever it is made from isn't a slick plastic, so it doesn't slip around in your hands or on the counter, which is nice.  I would say it is right in the middle as far as weight goes, so if you need a light hair dryer, this is not for you, but it's not so heavy that I feel like I am getting a workout.  I also do not feel that it dried my hair any faster than my previous hair dryers. So, it's not a bad hair dryer, but it's also not all that special.  I would recommend it to others if it is on an AWESOME sale, otherwise, try something else."
"I like this hair dryer but the hot setting on it is beyond hot, it's brain boiling!  Use with extreme caution!"
"This dryer may do all the positive things everyone talks about, but the button to turn the thing on and off is in exactly the position that you would hold it to dry your hair, so you are constantly pushing it off by mistake.  That in itself is so frustrating that I can't see why everyone thinks that this thing is so great."
It is a little heavier than most hair dryers I have had. I like the fact that high heat does not burn and it has very powerful air flow.  Wish it wasa little lighter weight.
"I have no problems with the hair dryer itself, however, one can't register the warranty because the company's drop down menu does not list the year 2011. I sent Conair two emails regarding the 'Year' problem and neither was answered. When I finally was able to contact someone on the phone I was told that yes, the year was a problem, but the company didn't have any answer for fixing it, including not being able to take my information over the phone. Also told me that they are having problems with the company which handles their emails and none get answered. Perhaps I expected too much from Conair. Next time I will seek out another brand. Also feel that if one can not register a product for the warranty, then Amazon should think twice before dealing with that company."
Not as heavy as I expected.  Works well and the power is good.
"I am super picky about my hair dryers.  And while this is not the best one I've ever had (my favorite was an 1875 watt Helen of Troy Professional that died several years ago), it's not bad.  Unfortunately, in this day and age, the only dryers I can seem to find are ionic ones.  For me ionic dryers = flat hair.  So, with the choices so limited, this dryer is decent.  I wish it had slow fan speed with high heat, but I can't be too choosy at this point."
"It's very similar to those hair dryer you find in hotel rooms! it does what it's supposed to, but it takes a little longer and it only has 2 speeds (which is on the description)! It's a good buy for the price. But it doesn't fold, which would be harder to put in a suitcase. Overall I'm satisfied."
"I was hoping for a quieter blow dryer. This is definitely quieter than my other dryer, but still not quiet. I also read all kinds of reviews that said this dries your hair so it's smooth and silky. The only thing that makes my hair smooth and silky is product!"
"Doesn't get very hot, take longer to dry hair"
"The product itself is a 4 - 5 star product. It is just right for my wife's needs and the night light is a welcome plus. The 3 stars was for installation. I found the wall stud to screw the back plate into the wall for security. I drilled the holes. Then pulled out the included screws and to my surprise found out that the holes were way too small for the screws to fit through. I had to go to the shop and drill out the holes bigger. This took several trips as I wanted to make sure they weren't too big so the small screw head would just go through the hole. Very frustrating and oh, so avoidable by the company. Once installed, the plate makes it easy to get the product on and off the wall. I hope it is fixed in the future. If this had been for an older woman without a knowledge of drilling out metal, this would have been a return."
"Updated Review: 4 months after installing this blowdryer, it died. I was super disappointed given my glowing review below. I have not even contacted Amazon or the manufacturer since it's past the 30 days. The wire below the handle started to heat up a little bit, I smelled smoke. At first thought it was my hair. But, the thing died shortly after. I have another blow dryer. Not sure if I received a lemon or if this is Andis quality. My past blowdryers from other reputable firms would last 7-10 years. 4 months was a HUGE let down  PREVIOUS REVIEW BELOW:  Definite space saver. Quiet. Does the job. I feel the low setting is definitely very low, much lower than my travel blow dryer you can find at any drugstore. However, I like the higher setting. It's nice to wash, blowdry and head out. Makes my mornings much easier to have things in place and organized. This blow dryer comes with two long screws. You have to remove the baby screws on the plate on the back. I then marked the walls where the two holes are. The plastic anchors I did not use, because the frame/holder is super light weight. So is the dryer. It's nice. In addition, the green light makes a nice nightlight in the bathroom. Personally, I wish I could change the color to clear or blue. The photo they provide shows the cord hook is on the right side. There are two other sm/med size screws to hang the cord to either the left or right side. I prefer the right side; however it all depends on where you place it in your bathroom. It's a great product. They thought of almost everything on this dryer. The only two things I would change is to have even a more minimized holder (semi-translucent), optional colored dryers, retractable cord, small dryer, more powerful, cool air option dryer (i.e. fan with a hold button ;-), no cord but a chargeable blow dryer. I think that's about it."
this is a nice dryer but I saw NO change in the time it took to dry or the way my hair felt and looked after use.<br />Bottom line... Not worth the $$$
"Guess I should condier myself lucky, at least mine is working ... so far anyway! A lot bigger than I had hoped it would be. High speed has lots of volume, but doesn't seem as forceful as my last hair dryer. Guess some things require a visit to a real store. Otherwise, it's okay. Just hope it stays working."
I tend to have frizzy hair.  I honestly haven't noticed a difference between this hair dryer or any old regular hair dryer making my hair less frizzy.  I ordered this one because my old one broke.  I'm not noticing any difference.
"It is not light weight, and does not blow dry hair fast. The only thing it has going for it is it's quieter than the one I have.<br />I was looking for a good lightweight blow dryer. It does not compare to the T3"
"Very heavy and bulky.  Does dry pretty quickly, but really can't tell a big difference from previous dryer.  Not bad, but just okay."
"Doesn't seem to be hot enough, but I like the power!"
cost more than in regular store....should have check around other place instead on one store before I bought this one<br /><br />
I really need one of these that goes from 1/4-1 inch barrel as I have very short layered hair I need to and volume and height to and turn curlers to soft waves.  I do not want it straight.
"The Handle is too big for me also heavy but I like folding handle ,retractable  code and affordable price! So I gotta  say it's ok !"
From Amazon's description:  &#34;Guaranteed authentic. Never counterfeit. 4-year warranty.&#34;  When I went to fill out the warranty card it states One (1) year warranty only.  What happened to the other 3 years?  My wife likes it and would rate it 5 stars.
ok but heavey<br />nice does its job but looks small was supprized how heavey it was.<br />has all the heat adjustmentas I was looking for
"Other than that it's fine. I have one other minor objection. I mounted mine in the leg well under the dressing area on the left side. There one can see the led light leaking out the bottom of the cabinet and not just through the bezel that it is supposed to. the light leak is something I could fix with RTV silicon, I just haven't bothered. A better design would include a case that fits better to it's base and doesn't leak light, and would also only have the light on when it's dark instead of all the time. Again, it's not quiet. We bought it for our guest bath, so as much as our guests stay here they shouldn't go deaf. No way I'd put up with this noise if it was our primary. This unit doesn't deserve to call itself quiet, so if you need quiet keep shopping."
"My other Conair 1875 was starting to turn itself off (shorting out?) during use so I hunted Amazon reviews for a good one with Prime shipping. This one came up with the most reviews in this price range. I know I shouldn't but I wash and dry my hair every day. I needed something reliable but under $30.<br /><br />The first thing that bothered me was that I received an obvious return which doesn't bode well. I've tried this for a couple days so the jury's still out but right away here's what I like and don't like about it:<br /><br />PROS<br />-very quiet<br />-lightweight<br />-useful attachments<br />-multiple speed options<br />-cool shot<br />-ability to clean filter<br /><br />CONS<br />-nozzle is longer<br />-matte finish makes it slippery to hold<br />-cool shot button is much shorter than older Conair<br />-easy to accidentally press/hold cool shot when you don't want it<br />-speed/heat button sliders very cheaply made<br />-filter is hinged and doesn't open all the way<br /><br />For price and value, okay buy. If you have short arms like I do, the longer barrel makes for an awkward morning ritual. Also, since it's slippery to hold, you have to learn how to hold it differently which can be problem, if like me, you have arthritis issues. With the old Conair, I could lazily hold it however I want. I could rest my thumb below the cool shot button since it protruded at least 1/2&#34; and you really had to push it down to use it. The cool shot on this one is flimsy and depresses quite easily. I'm also worried about the settings buttons. It does not seem very secure and/or there is only a small attachment in the middle. In other words, as you slide them, the top and bottom of the buttons are not attached in any way to the unit. They actually stick out a little bit (are not completely flushed against the handle). Whether this will be a problem should they come off remains to be seen.<br /><br />Overall a mixed bag but it was priced fairly cheap. Will update rating if it does not frizz my hair (anymore than I'm already drying it out by repeated washings).f it does not frizz my hair (anymore than I'm already drying it out by repeated washings)."
I like the hair dryer it dries my hair pretty quickly but never burns. The concentrator works well which is very important to me as this attachment is the key to straight and smooth hair. The only negative is the placement of the control buttons. The on/off button and temperate button are in opposite order of all my previous hair dryers so it takes getting use to.
"I've had this hairdryer for a year and a half.  I love the settings and how quickly it dries my hair.  It didn't last as long as I'd hoped, however.  It just started popping and shooting fire out of the end."
"I have wavy/curly hair and use a diffuser everyday so not to break up my curls... This hairdryer was actually too powerful (even on the lowest setting) for my delicate curls.  If I was going to blow it straight I'm sure it would have cut my drying time but for my type of loose curls, I needed the diffuser to diffuse more (It felt like the diffuser wasn't holding back any of the air) and the air not to be so powerful (on low).  I ended up returning this hairdryer and going back to my original lightweight Revlon.  I wouldn't recommend this dryer to someone with fragile/lightweight curls but I would recommend for everyone else."
"This is a little dryer, but for the price, it should offer more. For example, the air flow seems to come out of the unit at a strange angle. I've used the dryer for several weeks and I still haven't figured out how to make the most of the air. The temperature of the air is fine, and velocity is as expected for a 1600 watt unit, the direction is off. I was a bit disappointed by the knob to switch the voltage. You need a coin to turn the selection, and the plastic is so cheap that it was immediately, and permanently, gouged. If this unit cost $10, like some at Target, I would expect that, but this is priced in a way that one expects better quality. I don't think I'd buy this unit again."
It dries hair very quickly and without frizz but is too loud. Also there are 2 speeds but heat isn't adjustable--lower speed means less heat.
The dryer was advertised as being much lighter than other models and I can't honestly say I have seen any difference in weight. I like using the dryer as it has several settings that help dry my hair.
"Purchased this without much research, so I am to blame for not &#34;loving&#34; this.  It's heavy, loud and I prefer more ranges in heat than it offers.  The attachments work well.  It's mid-sized, so if you're wanting something light and small, this isn't it.  Mid-sized and heavy......I would not buy again."
Not using is regularly but its serving the worth of the price. its is small and easy for carrying during the travel.
"I bought this dryer based on other reviews that I read.  It's not heavy and it does a great job.  However, I should have read the product description in more detail--I did not notice it did not have a retractable power cord and it does not have a folding handle for easy storage.  I feel the design of the controls to be a bit flimsy--haven't had this style in the past.  Overall,  it does the job and it wasn't expensive."
"There are many reviews for this dryer, and in a nut shell, it works very well and does the job. I have two small complaints, but one of them is a big deal for me. I have medium textured straight hair that is very, very long. I like to use the medium heat setting for blow drying my hair for less damage but this dryers medium heat, is almost room temperature. It's not quite hot enough and therefore takes about 50% longer than my old dryer to get the job done.<br /><br />Pros:<br />-nice feel in the hand<br />-nice frizz/flyaway control<br />-Low and high air flow<br />-3 temp. settings<br />-comes with diffuser<br /><br />Cons:<br />-Medium heat is too cool causing long drying time<br />-the precision diffuser knocks off the dryer fairly easily with an accidental tap of the brush, or wrapping of the chord<br /><br />I don't think I'd buy the same one again, but really, it's just a hair dryer!"
"I bought this hairdryer for an upcoming trip and wanted something compact yet efficient.  After several uses, the cord stopped retracting all the way, and instead, only goes in about 2/3 of the total length.  I expected this to happen eventually although I was hoping that it would be later rather than sooner.  So now I have a hairdryer that still folds but only retracts most of the cord, leaving about 1/3 hanging out.  Other than the cord retraction issue, it is a great hairdryer."
"This could be my own incorrect expectations, but when they say it diffuses it REALLY diffuses. I feel like I'm not getting enough heat in any one place to dry my hair, so I don't use it at all. It's well made and clearly does what it says, but since it's effectively useless to me three stars is the most I can do."
"This hair dryer is one of the fastest drying hair dryers I've ever used. It also looks sleek and professional. I like that it comes with multiple attachments to give you the best blow dry you can get.<br /><br />I only have a few issues with this particular hair dryer. It blows really hard. Even on the slowest setting, the air blows out very forcefully. If I need precision drying, I have to use the diffuser attachment, otherwise my hair gets blown to smithereens. Another problem is the rocker switch design. When I'm using this, the rocker switch controls on the handle are very easy to push and I'm regularly having to reset my settings. After I while this gets very annoying.<br /><br />It seems to be lasting me pretty well. I've been using it almost one year and haven't had any trouble with its performance. I hope it lasts me a few more years.<br /><br />Overall, this hair dryer is usable but might cause some frustration."
"I have very fine hair and it is not &#34;thick&#34;, so when I go outside on a humid day, the places where my hair is naturally curly curl up worse and the rest loses the style I intended when I left the house. Static was a big issue, so when shopping for a blower with high wattage, high heat (yes, I want HOT) and high velocity, I found this one hoping it would meet the requirements. I found it to be like most of the drug-store blowers in my blower-graveyard in the closet, going to the next garage sale. I just did not meet the expectations, not enough blow, heat and I still had frizzy static hair. It works and probably works just fine for those who have thick hair they don't want to damage, but my hair takes 2 minutes flat to dry and style. I did move on and purchased Onei MK-II for about $70 taking a really big chance. It blew me away literally and exceeded all expectations. So for fine hair users, it may be worthwhile to shop around since there are very few resources for our types."
"I have thin, fine hair and need to heat & rapidly cool the roots while back-brushing to get lift and fullness.  I had the previous model of this blow dryer and it worked very well for this purpose.  Unfortunately, after about a year the blower switch broke right in half.  I bought this one to replace it.  I like that the dryer is reasonably priced so I didn't feel too ripped off at having to buy a new one.  This one has a couple of manufacturing changes, though, that I felt were downgrades. First and foremost, this one has a 6' cord, where the previous model had a 9' cord.  The cord doesn't swivel, so the extra length gave me more flexibility in movement, whereas this one makes the dryer seem cheap.  Second, Remington changed the direction of the blower switch, rather arbitrarily, so that up is now off instead of high.  I know this sounds petty, but that change removed the automaticity of my hand movements completely and I couldn't see a good reason to change it.  It probably won't be a problem for you if you didn't have the earlier model.    The drawback to the original, which is still a drawback on the current model, is that it has so much power even in the low setting that when I'm back-brushing I don't have good control over the hair.  On the earlier model I felt this was still workable and if you want lots of blow-power this model definitely fits the bill.    I ended up coming across a BaByliss Pro Porcelain Ceramic that I could try before buying, and even though it cost more I bought it anyway and am keeping this one as my spare.  It has the longer cord, heat and blower controls and while it has plenty of power it doesn't blow quite as hard on the low blower setting.  Since I was having to re-learn the controls on the T-Studio anyway, I figured I might as well get a longer cord out of the deal."
This hair dryer is okay. Bonnet is comfortable however the air hose is too short so you almost need to hold it on your lap when using it. Also hose and or bonnet do not fit back into side of dryer as it would appear. A bit concerned that I can only use the dryer on low setting because it seems to get too hot.
"This is a 4 star product but I gave it a 3 star as it is a 'travel' hair dryer. It should be much smaller than it is even with the cool shot button. Like many women, I need all the room I can have in my luggage for other things especially that most hotels & B&B's have hair dryers in them (though w/o a cool shot button ofcourse). It is not a critical item in travel. It should be much smaller in size with the same quality & cool shot. It's 2012 & this shouldn't be difficult technology."
"I am getting the funny smell on high as others have described.  In addition to the high heat setting possibly being too much for the hardware to handle, it's also hotter than I can handle.    The fan speed and temperature are linked, as there is only one switch.  The low speed is too low, but you have to use high heat to use the higher speed."
"Small and light weight. Quiet, relative to our old one which was loud through the bathroom door. On low fan speed, it's very quiet, especially with the bathroom door closed. Good value at ~14 bucks for the white one. Black one is 22 bucks for some reason.  UPDATE: After ~14 months, the on/off switch started to malfunction. It's sticky and engages sometimes but mostly doesn't. Knocking off a star from 4-star to 3-star. This apparently is a common complaint. I took it apart to see if anything can be done but the flip switch itself needs to be replaced and I haven't found a suitable replacement since no part number is indicated. For the price, I'll probably just buy another because it's what works best for us in terms of power, quiet and weight."
"It has no heat selection, only settings of high or low for air flow.  High almost burns my scalp.  Low works but is slower.  Must open vent at top to make it tolerable on either setting."
Overall this hairdryer does the job well; its 1875 and powerful will dry hair quickly.  I have two issues with this dryer:  1.  the air concentration nossel is wide and does not attach well to the hairdryer therefore any slight bump with either your hand or your brush will make it fly off and it does so at least 3 times when I'm drying my hair; its really irritating and 2.  the cool shot button is right at the top of the handle where I usually hold the hair dryer this makes it akward to hold because I dont want the cool shot button on to I have to hold the dryer at the bottom of the handle.
It came without instructions.  Works okay.  Nothing above average about it.
Space saver for sure. A bit loud and dryer opening is small.
This is OK for personal use but not a beauty shop.  The extended legs get in the way and is not easy to maneuver.  Heat is OK not real hot.  I would recommend for home use only.
"It's just okay, it's kinda loud, but it gets the job done.  I do however prefer the Carel dryer that I had in the past."
"The dryer itself works great , but the attachments don't stay on. I was spending more time picking the attachments up off the floor than drying my hair, really a piss poor design very frustrating"
"This is the first time that I've spent over $30 for a hair dryer. I was really looking forward to using this. I have had this hair dryer for 1 month, and I have to say that my biggest complaint is the nozzle attachment keeps falling off which is very aggravating.  Other than that I love how quick it dries my hair, and it does make my hair look more smoother.  I have thick wavy curly frizzy hair."
"I owned the model before this one for about 8 years. It was fantastic and worked as well as it did the day I bought it, until its coil lit up and a curl of smoke came out the blower. Alas, it was a sad day. I specifically bought this one based on the performance of the other, and it's not lived up to par, by a long shot.<br /><br />I bought this dryer 6 months ago and the retractable cord already doesn't work. That's the WHOLE reason I wanted this model. This one is heavier, hotter, and the cool shot is really just warm. Not to mention, it's hot pink.<br /><br />In all, I'm very disappointed with this dryer, and will look for another retractable one next time. I don't recommend getting this one, if that is the feature luring you.<br /><br />--UPDATE - Sept 2014<br />This hairdryer totally died a month ago. I'd had it 18 whole months, and it completely quit working. No fireworks, no warning, just plugged it in, and nothing. I tried several outlets throughout the house, and it would. not. work.<br /><br />I contacted Conair, and based on its model number, which indicated it was well within warranty, they would replace it for free, sort of. I had to pay $15 in shipping to return it to them. I think that's totally bogus, given that the unit shouldn't have had ANY problems in that timeframe. Hopeful, I sent it along. In about three weeks, they sent me another dryer--same model.<br /><br />Having used the only other dated dryer I had in the house during that three weeks, I can firmly attest that all dryers are not created equally. I recall now why I I loved the predecessor of this dryer, and this one, before it became problematic. It's quieter, the temperature is more controllable, it's well-vented and easily cleaned. Also, the refinement attachments actually fit the former model, snugly. They fall off this one--the one from the deceased predecessor, and the one that came with this replacement. It's virtually no use to me without the attachments.<br /><br />But honestly, I am not motivated to rate it any higher, because I don't have faith this one will last. That it works well is only part of what makes a product great. Longevity is part of the equation, as well.I am not motivated to rate it any higher, because I don't have faith this one will last. That it works well is only part of what makes a product great. Longevity is part of the equation, as well."
Not as hot and powerful as I expected and somehow it does not deliver any kind of expected shining usually produced by professional ceramic dryers...
I thought the button issue that everyone else wrote about would escape me. Nope. Almost every time I dry my hair I hit the temp or speed button... at least 2-3 times. It's does a great job drying but the buttons cause just enough nuance that I would recommend to keep looking. I like it but can't wait for it to break and find a new hair dryer.
The Elchim 1800 R/B hairdryer performs great. I should know because I've had 4 of them.  I keep buying them on average 1/18mos.  This IS NOT good.  The systemic problem with them is that the cord breaks a wire internally right near the top just below the rubber protector. I'm thinking the rubber protector may just be the problem. This has happened to me on all 4 Elchims I have purchased. My hair stylist confirms what I have found. He said that he constantly has to repair the cords on Elchims. The cord is NOT round as stated in some other reviews.  It is the flat type. Wish the manufacturer would fix this regretable situation.
"I have really thick hair that needs a lot of heat to dry and be styled. I was pretty disappointed right away by the 'hot' setting - didn't feel very hot to me. The only time the air actually felt hot, rather than warm, was when I turned the setting up to 'high' - and then I had to work so fast to dry my hair that if I made a mistake, I would have to wet my hair and start over again! The 'high' setting is no joke, it really moves the air. But I can't use it every day or else I'd look like I just walked out of a wind tunnel.<br /><br />Also, I didn't find the switches very easy to use, especially if my hands were even a little damp - was hard to get a good grip (maybe I'm just a weakling?). I much prefer switches that actually protrude from the handle that can be flipped with your thumb, if that makes sense.<br /><br />Anyway, it's not totally useless, I just had some issues with it. I will say the concentrator and diffuser attachments are great, but with the heat/speed settings, just not a good match for me."
"This product came up in a search for travel hair dryers.  It is NOT a travel hair dryer.  On the down side:  Heavy (probably because of the cord retracting mechanism, which is powerful enough to pull a tooth with), handle is uncomfortable to hold and is very thick.  The bulbous end of it is so wide it cannot fit in the drawer where I keep hair dryers. And it's a ittle too loud.  On the good side: Does a truly fine job of drying and styling hair, and I really like the results. The price is fair."
"This is not as good as the hair dryer I use at home, a Conair 225NP Comfort Touch Tourmaline Ceramic 1875-Watt Hair Dryer. For compact, portable, it is not that small. For use as a regular hair dryer, it takes awhile to dry, and just hi/lo heat and volume. My previous portable one was smaller and dried better. This works OK."
Kind of weak
"Cons: Too big to be a good travel dryer Not very powerful, even on the highest setting Takes a long time to dry my hair, and its super short Does not seem very sturdy  Pros: Relatively quiet Decreases frizz"
"Pros:   <br />1. This blow dryer is great for the price.  Just don't expect a $100+ ionic dryer.  You get a nice $18 dryer for $18 - simple. <br />2. Nice looking, sleek design, with retractable cord.  This is not a compact dryer for travel - it should be considered more of a mid-size. <br /> <br />Cons: <br />1.  Retractable cord is quite short, which could be a problem if your outlet is not very close by.   <br />2.  Very loud!  I saw others complain about this, and now I know what they mean.  It's loud.  <br />3.  The retractable cord failed to retract after a couple of uses.  This is disappointing considering it was a major factor in my purchase. <br /> <br />Bottom Line: <br />Does it dry hair quickly and make it smooth and silky??  No more than any other dryer.  It's a nice, inexpensive, blow dryer, but I personally would not purchase it again. <br />"
"So the bad news is that it doesn't get as hot as I would prefer.  It barely gets the job done and I'm a guy w/ short thinning hair.  I am sure ladies w/ thick, long, wet hair will require more time drying w/ this dryer.<br /><br />The +'s are that it's simple, compact, has a good working retractable cord & has a deeper air flow sound that is easier on the ears than a high pitched blow dryer."
Low setting is to strong and to fast also the dryer is too heavy
This hairdryer is pretty but doesn't get hot enough to dry my medium length hair.  Keeping it but wouldn't reccomend it to anyone.
"After reading all the reviews, it seemed as if this dryer would perform well for my hair type. I have thick, coarse, Asian hair and a lot of it. This dryer is nothing special though. It's not that powerful, and nothing worth raving.<br /><br />Pro: Three heat settings (The fastest speed though is not that powerful)<br /><br />Con: Retractable feature makes the cord quite short.<br /><br />However, my roommate who has thin hair LOVES this hair dryer and is even considering getting her own."
"to large than was pictured.After I ordered this one I found a smaller one ,the 124 AR Vagabond and it meets what I needed"
"I like the nozzle attachment, but it can fall off easily which can get annoying.  It has 2 levels of heat settings and 2 levels of cool blow dry settings so that is good, and it is not heavy.  But I recently used a friend's Conair Infinity hairdryer and I actually liked that much better, it dried my hair in less time and it was less frizzy...."
"The dryer has a very powerful motor, I'll give it that. Unlike some other reviewers, I found that the hot setting was more like a warm. Most significantly, though, it left my hair oily-er than usual! It basically left it limp. I'm confused as to the reason for this, but I'm sending it back, regardless.<br />(Despite hating the condition it left my hair in, it did dry it relatively fast.)"
"It works. just like the one it replaced.  First-time charging is quite slow, so be prepared.  Also the rubber coating on the last one of these I bought discolored quickly, and the one before that the coating became sticky after a while.  I am hoping this third one is better."
"I found the Conair 1875 Watt Tourmaline Ceramic Hair Dryer very hard to turn on, choose my heat selection and choose the intensity of the blower.  I think Conair should have made the ridges on the two selectors more pronounced.  I also found the low setting far too powerful to comfortably style my bangs.  What I do like, compared to other hair dryer makes is that the cold air button was extremely user friendly.  The dryer itself works just fine and is comfortable to hold."
"After the first exact same model stopped working after 18 months, I bought another since my wife liked the style. When the new one came, it fit the bracket exactly as the first.  The only difference is that the new one is noisier than the first one.  Not sure why, but it is annoying, especially in the morning."
"This is a decent hairdryer, but a bit cumbersome to use - it's larger than I thought it would be. Like really large. I recently purchased hot-boxed hair extensions, and bought this to make my life a bit easier (as I can't blow-dry upside-down), after a recommendation by my hair stylist. It works super well at the top of my hair (it looks amazing), but it's very difficult to maneuver around the head, especially the back, due to the weight, the size, and the brush. Make sure you give yourself enough time to dry your hair, as it will take a while trying to use this."
It works ok but it's not the easiest drier to use. It has an odor to it and I wish it was just a little smaller in size
decent hairdryer. It gets really hot. Doesn't have separate buttons for air level and heat level. Instead it has one heat setting. Only one button that toggles between off high and low. the comb attachment is pretty flimsy and will have to be replaced as the teeth in the comb breaks pretty easily. I use this on my daughters hair. We are Black and she has natural thick and curly hair.
"This dryer is perfectly adequate.  I'm not as exhuberant as some other reviewers, but I can't really find anything wrong with it.  Size and weight are fine.  Noise level is fine.  I find the controls in a perfectly normal spot and I don't have trouble with them.  I don't think my hair dries any quicker than with my old dryer, but I do have less static flyaways.  My hair seems smooth and bouncy and healthy.  Not sure how much is due to the dryer.  The one strange thing is I couldn't find anywhere that said how many watts it has, and now I own it and still, none of the packing materials, box, insert or even the dryer itself says how many watts, which is odd.  But it has enough power for me (my old dryer had 1875).  For $40, its fine.  Had I paid the $259 supposed sticker price, I'd be disappointed.  I've never used the more expensive models though so I don't know if they are any different."
"After my old hair dryer died, I decided to get this one because my mom has it. I had it for only two or three months before it started to make rattling noises when I used it. I would hit it, and the rattling would lessen. However, after a short while of this happening, I was drying my hair and it started to smell smoky. I decided to give up on it before it caught fire or something.<br />If my mom didn't have the same one that has been working perfectly fine for over a year, I would have rated this one star."
"Bought the tun turbo to replace my elchim blowdryer that in had for years. Purchased the twin turbo based on the reviews and that it is lighter weight then the elchim with the same power. I received my new twin turbo and I am pleased with the wright , power and   Attachments I am not pleased with the fact that the of the blowdryer does not have a guard like the chi or the elchim have that protects your hair from being sucked into the motor. Ouch and it burns your hair. Basically you need to be super careful and not rush when using this dryer or your hair will be ruined."
"I am just not happy with the really loud noise. I bought this based on the product's the minimal negative reviews and customers' reviewing it quiet. Other than the really loud noise of the dryer even at its lowest mode and the odd noise it makes when being held facing up and at the cool and warm modes, the dryer is very solid and a quite heavy. I tried the attached concentrator, the wind would not concentrate when blowing extremely closed with my ceramic round brush.<br /><br />Extreme fast shipping and fast refund. Still a happy customer after the good service. :)"
"I purchased this hair dryer to replace one my daughter borrowed from me.  I thought this was the same item,  but was sadly mistaken. My original blow dryer was also Conair Ion Shine 1875 watts, but it is a much better product, this one feels very plasticy and cheap, it does not have the power you would expect for 1875 watts either.<br /><br />All that being said for the cost of the dryer it works and I will keep it, but next time I will spend a few extra dollars for a higher quality hair dryer."
"This hair dryer is just alright. I have fine wavy hair, but a lot of it, and needed a hair dryer with a diffuser. After looking through reviews I decided to purchase this one over some cheaper models or buying the same Vidal Sassoon model I've owned for many years.<br />My first impression was that I was shocked by how heavy it was, because it's ceramic. It can be sort of awkward to use before you get used to it. Secondly, the difference between the &#34;warm&#34; to the &#34;hot&#34; setting is pretty big. The &#34;warm&#34; on mine has barely more heat than the &#34;cool&#34; setting and the &#34;hot&#34; setting is too hot to use for more than a minute or two. The &#34;hot&#34; also makes my hair super frizzy, but that's fixed by blasting it on the &#34;cool&#34; setting after the heat. But I do worry that it damages my hair. I would use the &#34;warm&#34; setting if it didn't take so long.<br />This hair dryer is kept at my boyfriend's and I only use it to dry the roots of my hair with the diffuser to give them lift, so it doesn't see much use. Because I don't use it often I can get over the negatives of the dryer and it is alright for me. If I had to use it every day or dried more than the roots of my hair I would return it."
"I have thick hair and need a dryer with powerful motor and high output. While this dryer is quiet and lightweight, it did not have any more power than the $20 dryer I was using before. I could not find any wattage/power specifications on the packaging or in the product manual. I am returning it so I cannot comment on durability or how long it lasts."
"I had not purchased a hair dryer in 14 years; I was still using my Mary Kate & Ashley Olsen hair dryer from my youth.  Having worked at Ulta during college, I grew to love the Hot Tools products.  I was waiting to purchase this brand of hair dryer after using other Hot Tools styling tools when my hair dryer finally gave out.  On the day that my blow dryer finally died, I quickly purchased this model.  Sure, it has several speed and heat settings, but it's nothing special.  My itty bitty hair dryer from 2000 did as good of a job as the ion/ceramic/multi-function hair dryers of present day.  I don't think you're going to notice a difference in dryers until you really jump into a different price bracket with the T-3s and Chi's.  i think I could have spend about $15 less and still achieved the same look and quality.  I have very long and thick hair, and unfortunately, the speed of drying has not changed even with a much newer and larger model than the one I chose to use 14 years ago."
It's definitely not as good as the last Conair 1875-Watt dryer I had for 4-5 years. The dryer doesn't feel as powerful and the high setting feels more like the low setting on my old dryer.
Very good buy for the price my only complaint is the timer is also the power knob.  When the dryer is on it ticks the entire time which gets annoying after awhile especially that one of the awesome feature is the dryer itself is very quiet.
OK hair dryer.  I like the non-skid rubber thingies on the sides of the dryer so it doesn't slip off bathroom shelf.  The overall drying could be improved.  My Vidal Sassoon travel dryer of the same wattage dried my hair much faster.  I'm going to buy another one of those again and just keep this one as a backup dryer in our guest bath.
Noisy. I don't see anything professional about this dryer.
"Very short cord, was expecting much longer."
Works well but extremely loud.
Except not drying at back of head well it is very satisfactory
"This hair dryer functions properly and is light enough to maneuver, but the buttons are a challenge (and I'm a middle-aged person). You need to slide them up to manipulate the heat level and another parallel set of sliding buttons to turn it on. It's a struggle every day."
Works well but both of us frequently turn of the hair dryer by accident because of knob placement..
The blow dryer died after six months.  It just completely stopped working.
I have both this model and the 1600 watt hair dryer.  They are the same size but the difference is very noticeable.  go with the 1600 one.
"After continual use, the cord eventuall stops retracting all the way and that is a disappointment.  Dryer itself works great but we purchased this because of the retracting cord."
"This hairdryer is the loudest one I have ever owned!<br />I'm actually thinking of buying another and using this only<br />for travel.<br /><br />Other than that, it's very lightweight, compact and dries<br />well.<br /><br />Because it's so loud, I would not recommend this to a friend."
"This hair dryer gave my hair great body but when it came to straightening it it fails. Its really only because I have insanely thick hair, this product would probably work on someone with thinner and more tamable hair than myself."
"Does what it says on the tin! A simple, inexpensive hairdryer. I do wish the &#34;High/Off/Low&#34; switch were more like a &#34;High/Low/Off&#34; switch since I accidentally push it too far every time I use it. But it was a minor concern and it's not as if I'll accidentally leave it on. Just a minor inconvenience."
This a good hairdryer. I use it as my everyday dryer. It is a bit heavy for packing if weight is an issue.
Can dry and style my coarse hair quickly especially with the special straightener attachment without too much fuss and effort
"I needed a quick replacement for my spare dryer and wasn't interested in spending much money.  This one has two settings, a nice grip, and a little loop for hanging it.  It does not have a no heat setting like the one it replaced, and is pretty noisy.  Ours has also, after just a couple of months of daily use, developed a bit of a rattle when used at certain angles, which to me indicates that it might have something loose or just out of tolerance and that the dryer may not hold up long term.  While this met my needs, I'll likely be replacing it with a more expensive, slightly fancier model."
i had this exact model for like 3 years. my husband bought this for me online bc it was finally dying on me. but this one...idk its not as powerful as my old one. and im literally in the bathroom ten minutes longer trying to get my hair dry.
"Kind of heavy, cord sometimes doesn't roll up all the way, not very powerful but my hair is soft when using it."
"I had a Conair hair dryer that gave out finally due to usage and age.<br />This one was powerful enough but since I have thick shoulder length<br />hair, it takes longer to dry and the Conair automatically shut down.<br />I had to wait until it cooled down to be able to turn it on again.  I sent<br />it back because I do not have time to waste until the hair dryer could<br />operate again.  Handy size, but too many minuses."
"I have owned this type of hair dryer for about 8 years.  However, this particular hair dryer I just bought in September 2013 to replace the previous hair dryer that was the same as this, but it was a different color.  It has worked perfectly well until the other day.<br /><br />I don't know if anyone else has ever had this experience ever!  I have sometimes left my dryer plugged into my outlet after blow drying my hair and this time was no different.  But after my last usage on Tuesday I became sick and paid no attention to the dryer laying on the counter in my bathroom.  But I kept smelling a sweet smell coming from the bathroom area and just thought it was my plug in freshener.  I had just bought a new insert.  But the next day I saw a puddle of red underneath my dryer and I saw that the area next to the plug reel up was melting!!  Really, does something like that happen.  I pulled the dryer plug immediately and put the dryer on a paper towel and it continued to seem to melt.  Red kept flowing from it for quite awhile.  This could have been a fire issue and something inside the dryer overheated.  I don't know.  But I do know I feel uncomfortable using it and threw it away and will have to purchase a new one.  To Conair ... shame on you for manufacturing such a shoddy piece of equipment!  If anyone be able to illuminate me on what happened or has experienced the same thing, please reply and let me know.  Oh and I gave this dryer 3 stars because it worked perfectly up until the melting.  In fact I'm upset that I won't get to continue using it, but I won't take the chance now."
"I like this blow dryer except for several issues.  I have short hair so use the low speed setting mostly. It is fairly quiet unless you turn it on high speed.  Then it's loud.  It is much heavier than my old Revlon blow dryer that I finally had to replace.  If you have long, thick hair this would be pretty heavy to use for any length of time.  The diffuser has very hard plastic fingers. Wish they'd make soft, pliable ones that would be more comfortable to lift and twist hair. The retractable cord is a great feature and works well if you follow the instructions."
"I have had this dryer for three years to the day and it died. Three years without continuous use doesn't seem very long to me.  Only reason I would purchase the same dryer again is because the mounting hardware etc is already there. Wish it had more power. Takes longer to dry my hair.  Others have complained about the green light - I wish it was blue, but it is nice to have that extra nightlight in the bathroom. LED so it doesn't take much electricity. And I don't sleep in my bathroom so it doesn't bother me."
This is the second one we have mine is still going strong after two and a half years...and my daughters bombed out after 2 months and we have to get it replaced
"I purchased this hair dryer a couple of months ago after my old Conair died.  I like to use my dryers on low speed, but high heat.  Although the two settings should be independent, this dryer is just lukewarm on low speed.  It also made my hair fuzzy, and while it was lightweight - it felt cheap.<br /><br />I quit using it two months after I started using it and invested in a better dryer.  I purchased the Elchim 2001 through Amazon, and while it's a bit more expensive ($80), it's worth every penny.  I would not recommend the Conair 1875, unless you want your hair to look like a fuzzy mess."
I have had Conair soft bonnet hair dryers in the past with great success. This one performs ok with the one exception that the bonnet is not as large as in previous products. I have long hair and I use large rollers. I find that getting the bonnet over these rollers is a little more difficult. I also have to put a towel around the back of my neck to avoid excessive heat near the hose connection.
"We purchased the black travel model while we were traveling because our old Conair went on the blink. Had to get it from Target. It works great - pleased with the feel, dual voltage for travel, etc. Like the button that allows you to control the cooling on the high fan setting. Powerful blower in that little motor. However, after we ordered what we thought was the same through Amazon, it turned out that the color is not the only thing different on this unit from the black one by Conair. This unit is louder and feels cheeper. I recommend the black unit that looks identical to this one except that the cooling button is on the back side of the unit. The only number I could find on the black unit was D167S - that may be an older version of the Conair &#34;Folding Handle&#34; dryer on the Conair website - Model: 124TL. It's available at Amazon for only $13.65 at the time of this review."
"I really really wanted to like this hair dryer, even ordered again after sending back the first one that arrived without the concentrator nozzle. After reading all the great reviews raving about the quality of the hair dryer I was somewhat disappointed with it.. It's really powerful, I think even to the extent that it can over-dry and damage certain type of hair if one is not careful, so I'm sure it will dry hair in a shorter period of time, but I still have doubts about it being ceramic and using ionic diffuse technology which makes hair less frizzy and damages less, as I found no mention of it on the hair dryer, the box itself or the paper insert that comes with it.  The hair dryer has somewhat cheap and plastic feeling.. the seams are somewhat poorly made- they scratch your hand when you touch them, and the cold shot button is not a real button per se, it's a piece of plastic hanging there, which I think can get stuck in or broken after some use.. Anyway, it's an OK hair dryer for the price, very powerful, deserving the title Professional, but somewhat cheaply made.. I guess it makes it easier to write raving reviews about a product if you don't pay for it, but for the price you can get a little less powerful but higher quality product"
I like the power and feel of this dryer and the ionic conditioning does leave me with less frizz but the cord is too short.  I use an outlet near the floor and I have to use an extension cord or I can't maneuver above my head (and I'm only 5'5&#34;).  If your outlet is counter height it should be fine.
"I bought this hair dryer because my last one finally died after about 5 years. I was looking for something inexpensive and high quality, which often doesn't go together.<br /><br />The good: For the most part, this dryer does exactly what it says it will. It dried my hair slightly faster than my previous dryer, and left it frizz free. I have very fine hair, so it almost always gets poofy. The tapered end made it easier to target the air to the rolling brush, which makes a big difference when compared to a snub nosed dryer (those aren't professional beauty terms, just the best words I can think of to describe the product). It's a decent size and easy to store. The motor is VERY quiet compared to other hair dryers I've used. My boyfriend gets up an hour later than I do for work, and he definitely appreciates the quiet motor.<br /><br />The bad: Just an aesthetic thing, it smells weird. To be fair, it's brand new so it's probably the smell from the packaging; but it also produces a faint odor when the motor runs that reminds me of like a toy blow dryer. I'll update the review if the smell goes away. For it's average size, it's fairly heavy. I'm not sure if it's because a larger motor, heavier materials, etc. I was using it for about 10 mins and my arm started to get sore! It's not insanely heavy, definitely manageable, but I would give it a higher ranking if it was a lighter and easier to hold. Also, the controls operate opposite any dryer I've ever had. So, instead of sliding the control up to get a faster speed or hotter temp, you slide down. That has definitely taken some getting used to. Finally, the attachments are just OK. They connect to the dryer well, but if you're like me, you are kind of a klutz when blow drying your hair. I usually knock the dryer with my brush or my hand at some point during the drying process and the attachments fall off at the slightest bump.<br /><br />Overall - it does what it says it will and does fine for what I paid for it. In hindsight, I wish I would've splurged another 10 or 20 bucks for something nicer.ight, I wish I would've splurged another 10 or 20 bucks for something nicer."
The low speed doesn't dry very well.  The high speed is very loud.  It does the job but I wouldn't buy again.
"Very little frizz and it dries quickly. The dryer is heavier and larger in size than I expected. The control buttons are positioned in a way that your fingers can't avoid them while drying, so the settings are accidentally changed too easily."
"The styling tip does not stay on, keeps falling off in the middle of blow drying and then it's too hot to put back"
"I had high expectations for this hair dryer and I am deceived. I bought it to replace my Babyliss hair dryer (dropped it too many times...) and preferred the Babyliss.     This Fhi hair dryer is a bit heavy, and it didn't make my hair shiny and soft AT ALL. It didn't even dry my hair faster than Babyliss, but I have to say I didn't try it on at the highest setting, cause it looked to me wayyyyy too hot for my hair to handle without major damage.     I guess I'll get used to it, but I wouldn't recommend someone else to buy it, not worth the price."
"Not the best dryer I've ever had. It works, but it seems to take a long time to dry my hair, which is wavy, thick and coarse. I end up straightening my hair, anyway, so now I just wash it and sleep on it wet and straighten in the morning. I don't bother with the blow dryer."
"Heavy, my expectation was much too high. The $ cost was high too."
This looks and feels quality and definitely dries fast and is powerful. It was rather bigger than I expected from the image though.
I like this product. I really like being able to change the heat settings. My only complaint is that the controls are in the same place as my hand so I sometimes inadvertently change the settings.
"I upgraded to this dryer from my basic Conair dryer and thought I would get something good based on the reviews, but really, it was a waste of money to simply buy another blow dryer. It doesn't do anything better than previous ones I've owned, and in fact, seems to make my hair slightly MORE frizzy. Plus, the buttons are placed right where your fingers wrap around, so I had to train myself to hold it differently as the first few weeks I kept switching the buttons in the middle of drying. I've seen other complaints about the motor shorting out, and so far, I haven't had any issues like that, just not really impressed with how it dries my hair. And no way is it really quiet. Pfffft."
Too loud !! Not enough heat!!
"I purchased this product hoping for something that would eliminate my hair problem or at least help keep it under control. This product does exactly what it says it will do and works well. Very durable, you don't have to worry about breaking because it is indeed a spring. But WOW, does it ever hurt. I just can not put myself through that pain on a daily basis and if you don't do it just correctly it increases the pain by 1000 times. This method of hair removal is much worse than waxing. If I had thicker, tougher skin that wasn't so sensitive I would love this product but it is just too much pain for me to handle!"
"This really is a good hair dryer, it gets very hot which I love and dries the hair quickly.  I have long hair and it didn't take me long at all to dry it.  The dryer itself is pretty heavy but that was not a problem for me, to others it may be though.  The reason I gave this product a 3 is because I bought it on Sept 4 2010 and finally just had to replace it about 2 months ago because it started to make the most god awful noise when I would use it, I can only describe the noise as slowly murdering a cat behind the engine of a plane.  I do like conair products and it was definitely a good dryer and lasted me for quite a while."
"When I first bought this, I was not a skeptic about it. As someone who largely believes in science, I am very well aware that pheromones DO exist. I've also always wondered what it would be like to wear these pheromones. After exhausting the internet, it seemed that all I could find were pheromones catering to heterosexual men. Then I found this, and again, believing that it would work, I bought it.    Unfortunately, after using it for a few days now, I do not notice any differences in the way people (gay/straight/male/female) interact with me. They have however taken notice to the scent, and they love the scent, but I see no noticeable sexual excitement in other gay men, or increased mood and friendliness of straight men.    Soooo, it is now my belief, that the synthesized pheromone technology does not work in this cologne. However, its not a total disappointment, as I've said, everyone does love the smell, so I will continue to wear it as a regular cologne. But I was hoping for the pheromone technology to kick in, which never did..."
I thought it would have more power than it does. I do use it everyday so it is very durable and not cheap by any means
"My old blow dryer was this exact model and I absolutely loved it. However, the one that came in from Amazon for this purchase disappointed me as the retractable cord doesn't work."
"If you are a master at wielding a blow dryer, you'll probably love this.  I find it too heavy and big for my hands when I am using the blow dryer to straighten my hair.  With that said, the various heat settings work well.  The concenrator attachments work fine for me.  I purchased this model in part for the comb attachment, but I can't manage the dryer properly with it attached.<br /><br />Update:  When I am not using the dryer to straighten my super curly hair, I like it.  My current hairstyle requires an hour under a bonnet dryer.  I can dry my hair in half the time using this hand-held dryer."
"I bought this to use on vacation in Europe, because my blow dryer is too powerful. I have long thick hair, and while it dried most of my hair in pretty decent time, I don't even want to think about how long it would have taken me to actually blow it out with a round brush. Good if you just want to dry it off so you can flat iron it or curl it, but I don't recommend if you actually want to style it using the blow dryer."
"I feel bad not giving this a great review.  I love how safe it is and it seems to work well.  It's also not that expensive as far as mineral sunscreens go.  I just hate the scent though.  I put it on my son, but use a different brand for myself.  I'm probably a bit more sensitive to scents than most, but I'm happier with California Baby, other than the price.  I haven't tried the unscented Badger though, and probably should."
"The dryer is lightweight and very easy to travel with.  This was my favorite until it blew with normal use.  Suddenly smoke came out.  I turned it off, vacuumed the lint that wasn't very bad.  Flipped the red safety switch.  Nothing worked.  I'm really bummed."
"The bonnet is not quite big enough for large rollers, so the heat does not circulate well.  I'm still looking for the old-fashioned hat box dryers that I had in the 60's."
"Hi, would have given it a 5-star, as it worked really well and was powerful yet quiet.  Unfortunately, not even a year old and with no warning, one day the on/off switch no longer flicked on and off (like a spring had broken inside or something) and I had to throw it away.  Also, the filter is not easily accessible, like with some hair dryers that have a trap door that opens so you can reach them.  The only way to clean the filter is trying to shove a paper clip or pipe cleaner in between the vent slots and see if you can somehow pick the hair/dust out of the filter."
IT'S GOOD BUT VERY VERY HEAVY AND HARD TO HOLD.  DOES A GOOD JOB BUT IS DIFFICULT TO HANG ON TO
"I had read all the reviews for this hairdryer and was super excited to try it out. Sadly, I don't see what all the hype is about. While it gets the job done (i.e. dries my hair), I did not notice any substantial reduction in drying time. Nor did my hair become shinier from the tourmaline. I'll continue to use this until it dies, but will not repurchase as a $40 conair dryer works just as well."
"The hair dryer is quiet and powerful enough to dry my hair, however, the on/off switch stopped working the first day. I did not want to go through taking it off the wall and send it back so I am using this item by plugging and unplugging the hair dryer as needed for use. The switch should last years, but didn't even work for one day."
"Nice hairdryer but it is very heavy to hold up for too long.  If you have short fine hair, you can tolerate the weight, but if your hair is thick, mid length to long requiring longer drying times....holding this heavy dryer up for extended periods will make the job more laborious than it needs to be.  I prefer my old Revlon Ionic Pro Sylist."
"A couple of things to think about before buying this dryer. First, the cord is pretty short. It's about 3 feet, and 1/3 of it does not retract (by design); so, about a foot of the cord hanging even when you are not using the dryer. Second, the there's no temperature setting, and the temperature is very low. If you have long hair, it takes a long time to dry it. For the price, this dryer is not bad, but for these reasons, I bought a different dryer. This dryer is now in the guess bathroom."
I like the dryer - I know this will sound silly but the color in the picture is the reason I chose this one but it is not HOT pink as it looks in the picture it is more like a Peto Bismol color. Other than that it is fine.
"Heavy, big and burned out within 10 months of light use."
I would like it more if it reached a higher temperature. takes a long time to dry hair. I have thick hair so I need a hair dryer that gets hotter.
"I like the retractable cord of this dryer the most, the dryer itself is very loud and heavy, everytime I dry my hair it feels and sounds like I'm running my vacuum cleaner.<br />It does dry hair-but I'm not feeling the ionic part of the dryer, I had a different brand before that worked way better. At least this one dries decently. I am going to keep using it, but probably wouldn't recommend it to friends."
"Had the features I wanted like cool shot and retractable cord. The dimensions are accurate, but unfortunately, it's just a lot bigger and heavier than I expected. Additionally, the folding mechanism and the materials feel pretty cheap, and I'm not certain how long this hairdryer will actually last."
"Light weight, not too noisy and plenty of airflow. Not sure it will last a long time, but well worth the cost. Bought two of them.<br /><br />Update since reviewing this, both units have failed in the same way, power switch stops working. Too bad, these are cheap, light weight, not too noisy and good airflow."
"I bought this because I was looking for a faster drying, and more quiet hair dryer.  My husband always complains about me blow drying my hair in the mornings before he gets up. In all honesty, I can't tell the difference between this one, and my previous $10 Revlon one from Walmart. It takes the same amount of time to dry my hair, and to me, it doesn't seem any quieter.  I do like the IDEA of the Ions leaving your hair less staticy and healthier, but I don't know that I can really tell the difference. My husband hasn't been complaining about the noise as much, but I don't know if its because he knows I bought a new hair dryer trying to please him, or if it's actually a lower frequency. To me, with it up close to my head, I can't tell a difference."
"I wanted something basic, relatively inexpensive, reasonably well made, and sturdy that would dry and style my hair quickly.  That is almost exactly what I got.  My only real issues with the dryer is the flimsy switch and lint trap cover.  The switch doesn't click into a new setting crisply. You have to go slowly and gently with the switch control in order to get any setting other than off or the highest heat/fan position.  The lint trap cover just pops off and takes some careful fussing around to replace securely.  Sometimes even if you think you have it back on correctly it will pop back off a few seconds later."
"Works like a decent dryer, but I didn't see any improvement in frizz-control. I have very thick, frizzy 2A hair, and this dryer could get my hair mostly dry in under ten minutes.<br /><br />The retractable cord is nice, as is the defuser."
"My 30 year old Norelco died and they don't make the repair parts. My old Norelco worked fine with the original heads until the motor quit.<br /><br />The current model is cheap in price and feels poorly made. They recommend replacing the heads annually, but I'll use it until it fails and then toss it."
"The dryer works just fine but the switches are ill-designed. The switches are located in an awkward position.    First:  the blue cool button is where your fingers rest so when you are drying hair and easily rest your fingers on the cool button, you blast the dryer on the cool setting.  This is very annoying and you have to get used to not pressing this button.    Second:  in order to turn on /off the dryer and turn the setting to how you want, you have to get used to doing it from an awkward position in the back of the handle where your fingers are holding the dryer.  Once you get used to it, it's not a big deal, but it's constantly annoying trying to turn on/off the dryer from this position.    The power of the dryer is great; it's powerful and the dryer works well but I wish the buttons were designed better so that I didn't always hit the cool button and that the on/off switch were easier to turn the blower on and off."
"This dryer works well, but the outer soft touch clear layer started to peel off after only about 4 weeks after purchasing it.  It's a shame since it looked so nice when it arrived and now it looks beat up and as if I've owned if for five years.  I've had other similar models by Conair in the past, but none ever did this."
"Startlingly small and flimsy looking, with a thin plastic grill over the fan. But does a decent job, with good air on the high setting. I'd never rely on this for every day or for a long trip, but since it's so light and small, will keep it on hand for overnights."
"This is the second one of these I've ordered. I used my old one for a while, although I thought it would last longer. I blow dry my hair a couple nights a weeks, and it started making a burning chemical smell about a year or 2 after I bought it. It does dry pretty fast however, so I ordered another one."
"There are many models that have the same number of speed and temperature settings, so the only reason I chose this model over others was the retractable cord,  The instructions tell you to be careful with it and to never over extend the cord. I babied this thing, but the retractable cord stopped functioning after several months. The high speed setting is equal to the medium speed on my old hairdryer. It dries my hair, but plenty of other cheaper models would do that just as well."
"It is a good product if you're using small or medium rollers.  The bonnet is too small for Large or Jumbo rollers so I only used once and packed it in my closet for whenever I decide to cut my hair shorter and can use smaller rollers.  It only came with one attachment, not two like the picture shows.  I like how you can store the hose, bonnet, and power cord inside the case."
"I would give it a higher rating but the cord is just too short. Other than that, it works fine and I like the flat black finish."
my wife has long hair and said this didn't dry it as well as her current hair dryer. However she will keep this for travelling.<br /><br />3/5 stars. Great design will retractable cord and folding handle. poor performance.
Ended up being a little TOO powerful.
"I would not recommend this hair dryer since it only worked for three months. It was purchased in August and now, in November, it will not turn on.<br />However, if you are not as unfortunate as I am, this simple hair dryer is very surprisingly quiet and gets the job done very nicely."
"This is worth the money you pay for it. I have ethnic hair and I use pretty big hair rollers. Fitting them in is a little bit difficult and It takes me a really long time to get dry because of this reason. Besides that, I have had no problems with mine so far. However I tried my mother's new Bonnet hair dryer (different brand), which cost her 40 Dollars and it's totally worth the 10-20 extra dollars. I get dried so much faster too!"
"gave 3 stars because it is advertised as having 2 speeds and 3 heat settings. It does but the heat settings are fixed to certain speeds. You cannot have high speed with low heat or low speed with high heat, only high heat with high speed or low heat with low speed etc. Wanted to control heat and speed separately. Nothing wrong with unit otherwise but lowered rating due to not being able to change heat and speed settings independently. Returned for refund."
"A nice hairdryer, it does what we need. We were disappointed that there was no out of the way storage for any  excess power cord and that the power cord was not coiled to reduce the length of usable cord.<br />It is now three years later, and I must revise this review. I guess that three years is probably not terrible for the life of a hair dryer, but for something used less than five minutes a day my wife was expecting better. About a year ago it began making an extra noise when it was infrequently switched to high speed, so she really limited that use. Anyhow, right at the three year anniversary of its first usage, the propeller<br />blades disintegrated and jammed the motor causing it to begin smoking and smelling really bad before she could get the plug pulled. We certainly will not be replacing it with a like unit."
its okay but with only 2 heat control is not good
"It has plenty of power and dries well, but I had to return mine as it was so loud that it left my ears ringing."
Much bigger than expected. I was looking to replace a tiny yet powerful hair dryer. This one is not as compact as it appears.
I was surprised to find that the  item was not as quiet as claimed.  That was the feature I was looking for.
"I got this item on sale. I like that it is small and my diffuser fits on to the end (the nozzle on my old dryer was too wide), but the coolest setting is still quite warm, and it starts to smell like it's overheating after about 10 minutes of use. I have short hair, so I only use it for about 10 minutes, but overall, it gets the job done."
"My old 1500 watt dryer gave up after 10 years of extreme use; I was working at that time so it got daily use and it was a super hairdryer. I looked for another one just like it but to no avail.  I found this 1600 watt one and since the low wattage in this style with the long barrel are difficult to find, I purchased 2. I no longer work outside the home and only use this every 2 days, (and my hair is shorter) SO I expected it to last longer than 9 months. Today when I turned on the unit and dried my hair all was okay but when I went to turn off the unit, the on/off switch locked up and then smoke came billowing out of that area. I quickly unplugged it and tossed it out the door should flames start coming out of the unit. Now I am apprehensive on using the second one I purchased. For 25.00 each, I would have expected it to last longer.<br /><br />As for drying my hair, it was a good hair dryer."
I choose the dryer after reading about it in a fashion magazine. I was disappointed as it was not as hot and powerful as I had expected and the large size makes it rather unwieldly. I would have preferred something more compact. It definitley did not live up to its hype.
"The hairdryer is only okay. I will say that the cord is very sturdy, which was a concern from other reviewers. My previous hairdryer was the Chi Turbo Professional, and it lasted about 5 years. I don't like this hairdryer as much as my Chi, and I've had it long enough (3 months) to get used to it. It isn't super quiet like some reviews said, and it doesn't dry my hair any faster than my Chi. Also, the front of the nose (before the black attachment) gets VERY hot and you can't hold it. I like to hold my hairdryers at the nose when I am drying the front of my hair, but now I can't. I'll definitely keep this hairdryer until it's time to get a new one, but it didn't impress me. It still gets 3 stars because it isn't a BAD hairdryer, but also it's nothing special."
Had this for about two years and the bearings have already started to fail. Makes more noise than when new. It's ok... but not great.
item was shipped quickly. however i was rather disappointed at the quality of the item. it didn't leave my hair as soft as i would have liked it to be. it left my hair big and frizzy.
It does the job but fan makes a funny noise when powering down.
"Unfortunately, the heat element went out in my dryer less than one year into owning it.  The product is light and quieter than most dryers I have owned.  Definitely made my hair softer.  Still would recommend."
"Like the size and shape.  The only thing wrong the retract cord doesn't work.  Didn't last long, otherwise very nice"
"I got this to replace my gold 'n hot one that I'd had for years. The brush attachment is very thin and pretty much useless in my thick hair. The gold n hot brush had way more bristles that were sturdier. Other than that, it hets hot and dries my hair, but not as straight as the gold n hot."
"Lasted about a year.  I'm back to Remington, I used Remington hair dryers for years and they last the longest.  Just bought a new $20.00 one at Walmart and even it has a  2 year guarantee on it."
"Pros:  Saves room on the counter, compact size, HI setting is strong.<br /><br />Cons:  It only lasted two years and one month.  Had to re-order one again today because we had already installed the metal panel on the wall and didn't want to have to take it off and repaint and redo it all.<br /><br />Hopefully this new one will come soon and last longer. We shall see..."
"[[ASIN:B000R80ZTQ Infiniti by Conair 223XR, 1875 Watt Tourmaline Ceramic 2-in-1 Styler, Cord Reel Dryer]]<br /><br />I bought this hairdryer from Amazon in July 2011 for $27.19 including the tax. It is now April 2012 and the cord stopped retracting. I just called Conair Customer Service and in order for them to repair it (at no charge), I must send it to them, at my own expense and must send them $7 for return shipping and they will repair it and return it to me.  I was going to do it, not having a clue what I would do without a hairdryer in the interim, when I checked Amazon again, and saw that I could buy a brand new one for $19.25 with no tax and, of course, free shipping. Obviously, that was the option I chose.<br /><br />Although I liked everything about this dryer, I find it very annoying that after only 9 months, I need to replace it. Anything similar in quality and features cost more money so now I will see how long this new one lasts.  This is very disappointing."
Read the reviews and someone mentioned the cord is too short.  I agree.  It's doable but I have to watch that I don't turn around or move too far from the outlet.  Hair dryer is much heavier than my older model - I believe it's because of the reel inside the dryer for the cord.  The cord hiding in the hair dryer seems like a waste - I prefer the lighter model.  My sister has the same one and after a while the button to reel the cord in broke.
"I did a search for &#34;quiet dryers&#34; and this came up.  The reviews sounded ok so I went for it.  It's considerably heavier than the old one I had and definitely stronger.  Overall, it feels like a solid build and does its job with the only complaint being that it's a bit heavier for some (perhaps).  I'd recommend it but have only been using it for 2 weeks."
"Really good dryer but now its seriously overpriced. Bought ours on Amazon in March for only $32. Totally worth every penny, however totally NOT worth $200. Not sure where the price increase came from....."
The retractable cord rarely fully retracts and it doesn't seem to get as hot as other hair dryers I have had in the past
"Pros: Nice design, gets the dryer off the counter, dryer works very well, and is lightweight.<br /><br />Cons: They don't last very long.  I've had 2 of these: First one lasted 27.5 months used an average of 1.5 times/day.  Second one only lasted 22 months with same use frequency.  I've had other blow dryers last 10+ years, so its annoying that this product does not last.  The fan blades inside the dryer are made of very thin plastic, and they eventually just disintegrate.<br /><br />Summary: I would be happy to pay more for a dryer that works, looks and functions as well, but lasts longer."
"So glad to have a hair dryer that had a good range of temperatures.  And so much less noisy that my old dryer.  But the location of the buttons make it difficult to hold.  And the high speed does not work unless I press down on the top of that button. I will keep it, but am disappointed."
"I loved this hairdryer while it lasted, it had a lot of power, was not terribly loud, and dried my long hair quickly. However, with no warning one recent day it just stopped blowing hot air. Only cold air blows out of the unit now."
I like it but the blow dryer takes a great deal longer to dry my hair and I am unable to adjust the setting so it is on the lowest setting making ti take forever to dry my hair ..
"If you're looking for a travel blow dryer that only blows &#34;luke warm&#34; air, then this is the one to get. But if you want it blow hot air like other blow dryers do, this one won't do it for you."
"I just got the mirror today, opened the box and to my surprise was a tiny little mirror. No where on Amazon did it say the mirror was actually only 6in x 5in, especially given the price. However the mirror does what it says and is fogless which is nice. The first time I used it I put water in the back and put it on the suction cups and within a minute it fell onto my toe. So i tried cleaning the area behind the suction cups with some soap and that helped and it didn't fall the second time. Given the price I would expect the mirror to be larger, but on the positive it is actually fogless."
"The item is described as a soft bonnet hair dryer.  The dryer works, but the bonnet is not at all soft.  It occasionally irritates the neck because of stiffness where the hose joins the bonnet.  The temperatures can get too hot; low heat is hotter than my previous hair dryer ever got on its maximum heat setting. Watch out!"
"This is a good dryer, especially for travel use.  The only complaint that I have is that it is heavy to hold after a while."
"I bought this based on other reviews indicating that it would dry my hair faster. They say 40% faster and I suppose that's accurate - 40% faster is really not as big of a difference as you would expect. It's also incredibly heavy considering there's not much difference between this and your usual hairdryer. If you want a good workout every morning though, then definitely get it!"
"I have normal to fine long hair, and while this dryer has dramatically shortened my drying time, my biggest issue is that it turns my dried hair into a tangly mess. A hairbrush literally rips my hair out after drying. I haven't had this issue with a dryer before, and an at-home coconut oil treatment has helped the situation somewhat, so I've decided to keep the dryer until my next haircut to see if that alleviates the tangles. If not, I will probably buy a new dryer."
"I really liked the cord retractor and the ability to fold the handle for storage.  It also worked very well to dry hair.  However, it did not last nearly as long as it should have - only a few months before the cord stopping retracting and less than a year before it burnt up."
"Careful, gentlemen.  The picture online and on the box shows it has silver trim, but it's actually bright pink trim (switches, filter cover, ect.).  Has a narrow mouth with a penetrating stream that's probably better for long thick hair than short hair.  Heavier than expected too."
"3 stars - it's ok. I feel like this hair dryer is a little lacking in both heat and strength, but for the price I can't complain too much. I generally let me hair air dry or only use it for my bangs, so it does the job. If you're a serious blow dryer, go for something else, Personally, I'll go for a different model next time, but in the meantime, I'm fine with it."
I thought I was buying the same dryer as my old one.  This one takes much longer to dry my hair and the cord is not as long.
"This is an ordinary hair dryer, and it works fine.  Not too heavy or inconvenient in any way except those switches which are kind of &#34;fiddly.&#34;  They have a loose, cheap feel, but it's not really a big problem."
"I ordered the product about two weeks ago. Shipping was fast, the product came in a plain box and was well packaged.  I have several skin tags on my neck and applied product carefully with a q-tip as directed. It has a stinging sensation on application so I was careful not to apply too much solution to the tags. I got some of the solution on the surrounding skin but applied the ointment to stop the burn. The solution burns the skin very quickly so you have to be carefuly not to apply too much. The burns has caused my skin to become discolored, my neck now looks worse than before and my tags haven't fallen off yet. That was a week ago, so I will now use a small brush to apply and hopefully this will prove a better applicator than the q-tip. I am now looking forward to be rid of the tags and acid burns on my neck.    If you are interested in purchasing this product, please proceed with caution. Maybe the suppliers could provide a small applicator with this purchase."
"Not sure whether all &#34;professional&#34; quality hair dryers smell like fumes, but this one does. Other than that, it works fine so far."
Used this hair dryer in England last month. It worked fine with the adapter. My problem with this hair dryer is that even on the low setting the air from the dryer is too hot. I dry my hair in sections and I could hardly get a section dry before my scalp would start to burn.
"My only complaint is that there is not a hot/cool option, so it can get pretty hot, especially on the high setting.  Other than that, it's an inexpensive, quality hair dryer."
It has plenty of power and dries my hair quite well. The problem is that it seems to short out and I have to reset the fuse constantly. Perhaps it is overloading my circuit. But my old one never had this problem.
Its not terrible dryer.  My only issue is that they listed &#34;Adjustable Height Control&#34; as a feature but YOU CANT ADJUST!!!!!!!! False advertisement.  I wouldnt have purchased it if there wasnt a way to control the height.
This is the second jerdon I purchased mainly because I wanted to keep the same holes in the wall. I won't buy another one. I think the first one lasted 2 years and this one just died after 2 years. thats crazy. yes I use it everyday but I still have my hair dryer from college that works beautifully (although a bit bulky) and its 30 years old. This hair dryer lasted 2 years!! thats ridiculous.
It works well. Makes my hair curly and dries it quickly. It makes me a little nervous bc I have long hair and I am scared that it will get sucked into the backside of the dryer.
"I bought this for the retractable cord. Hadn't bought a new dryer in years because I have short fine hair and don't need one much. But I got tired of having to wind up the cord all the time after I used my old small dryer for a minute. This dryer is meant for a serious blow dryer, I think. Someone who has a lot of hair and needs drying power. Be aware that this machine is big and heavy. I don't need such a powerful machine, My mistake I guess, but threw away the box before I realized. Seems very well made, but I wish I had something lighter. With a retractable cord."
"It works fine, but it has a terrible build quality, it feels chinese. But it's a good buy for the price."
"Got this hairdryer a few days ago. I had to go with a lower watt dryer otherwise I'd be flipping breakers every 5 minutes. It's very pretty. I dig the red.  It took a couple days to get used to holding it as it's a bit bulky. But to be fair my other one had a shorter nozzel and was lighter.  The placement of the setting switches is not optimal. I can't easily switch from low to high and back to low without looking at what I'm doing.  And the hot setting is not very hot. Which, I guess, my hair is thankful for.  But boy does she have great blowing power! It's like being in a wind tunnel. My hair dries in half the time now which is great!  I have used both attachments that came along with it too. I was afraid due to the force of the blowing it would blow those little gadgets right off and smack me upside the head but they stayed put.  The blow dryer is a little louder than I am used to but not a big deal.<br /><br />Overall, I am pleased with the product. I can overcome the negatives. Hope it lasts!<br /><br />_________________<br /><br />REVIEW EDITED SEPT 2013 =  And there she blows...out!  The heating element died already. I am very disappointed this hairdryer did not last as long as I expected it to. I understand....you get what you pay for....but it should have been longer than this. And I do not have long thick hair to where I am using and abusing the hairdryer. My hair is medium length and fine. It didn't have to work that hard!  I'm disappointed today and back on Amazon to shop for yet another hairdryer."
"The top doesn't move that well so it's a little crazy trying to get it adjusted on your clients head, knobs feel cheap also"
I like this dryer but it is a little bit larger than I wanted.  Work really well and is not too loud.
Bought the leopard version of this blow dryer because of the cheaper price and I LOVE it. It is a great blowdryer and I would recommend it to every hair stylist. UPDATE: now 7-8 months later my blowdryer is broken. I really loved this blowdryer but mine just stopped work and only blows cold air now. Very disappointing.
"Nothing to complaint about its functions.  However, it is way too heavy to hold for more than a few minutes.  Fine for my short hair, but not for my daughter's long hair."
"This is a fast, powerful hair dryer. I have medium length, medium thick hair and this little number works fast without over-drying. The problem? The plug is too loose in the socket. This is the same socket I've used for several different curling wands, straighteners, hair dryers, battery chargers and even Glad plug-ins over the last eight years. The plugs on all those items fit the outlet just fine. The plug on this dryer will fall right out of the socket six or seven times in the five or six minutes it takes to dry my hair. VERY frustrating! I usually sit a heavy book about 8 inches out on the cord to hold it steady then shove a vase against the plug to keep it in the socket. Of course, this leaves very little cord length for raising the dryer up to my head since the cord is already a bit short."
Nice basic hairdryer. A little slow on the drying though. A little on the large size. Does get the job done.
Gets my hair dry. Folds up neatly. But it didn't do anything extra special to my hair. It's a hair dryer...and it dried my hair. It gets the job done n fits in my luggage. So it does what it's supposed to do.
"I had to return this dryer because it was too heavy for me.  I thought my strong, volleyball playing daughter might want it, but she also said it was too heavy. Powerful enough but too heavy."
"I know some other reviewers have raved about this hair dryer. For me, it's just okay. It gets the job done. I've got fine, thin hair, so most dryers will do that. And it does keep the static down a bit. I find it heavier and more awkward than my previous Sassoon dryer that used to have an ionizer function but does not now. The switches on this dryer are more difficult to work. They're sliders that are only slightly elevated from the underlying plastic layer and have a narrow slightly elevated lip at on end that I suppose is designed to make them easier to move but doesn't do much for me. It works, and I'm keeping it. But I'm not sure I'd buy it again."
Loved this hair dryer the first few months I used it until it started cutting off in the middle of drying my hair! My last hair dryer lasted YEARS but this one only lasted about 4 months.
If you are looking for a professional type hair dryer this is a nice one.  It is a bit awkward for me to manuever as I am not used to this type of hair dryer....but the cold air is amazing when you are done drying....
"The dryer does an adequate job, but doesn't seem to generate the same level of heat that my previous 1875 watt dryer did. The attachment to direct the air flow also doesn't seem to work as well. I have been using this dryer for about six months, so I think I have had it plenty of time to get used to, but still I don't like it as well as my previous one."
The dryer arrived in good condition due to being carefully wrapped.  It was exactly as described.  The only thing I found that was<br />a slight  negative is that it is heavier than I expected.
THIS HAIR DRYER IS EXTREMELY HEAVY. IT IT ALSO VERY HOT AND PLEASE BE CAREFUL IF YOU DRY YOUR HAIR ON HIGH.  I HAVE ACTUALLY SAW MY HAIR SPARK WHEN DRYING. SO PLEASE USE CAUTION.
ORDERED FOR Y WIFE. SHE SAYS IT HAS LOTS OF POWER AND DRIES WELL. THE ADAPTER THING IS TO SMALL. MOTOR IS GOOD AND ALL THAT. SHE WONT ORDER AGAIN DUE TO THE SMALL ADAPTER.
It performes as expected.  My problem with it is it's size.  I would never have purchased it if I had any idea how large it is.  It is so long that my arm is almost not long enough to keep from hitting myself in the head when drying my hair.
"This is really heavy, pretty quiet for the size"
"I bought this hair dryer because i need one with a retractable cord. Otherwise, it is fairly heavy and kind of loud. Not the best or the worst, I have owned it for a while and it hasn't broken which is a plus."
"I ordered the Andis based on the two speeds, cord holder, and   night light.   After installing, I wanted the higher 1600 W and you need a screwdriver to change the speeds. This is very inconvenient. After finishing the change and using, the cord stretched out and didn't return to it's compact size,leading me to think that's why they may have put the little knob on the side.  The night light is a nice feature.   I am disappointed with the look of the stretched out cord.  I will, leave the dryer on the high speed as it makes no sense  to keep changing the intensity.  Yes, it's quiet. Priced reasonably."
Do not get hot enough and a little smaller than what I thought.
"I did love this hair dryer.  Ordered it in Jul 2013.  It is now March 2014 and only the slow speed works.  The other two don't. I know hair dryers are a somewhat disposable item.  But come on, didn't even last a year?"
"I purchased this unit a little over a year ago and had about 10 months of service using once a day for less than 5 minutes. It is an inexpensive unit and frankly did not expect it to last much longer. The unit fell to the floor from counter height 3 times.......on the third, the fan (a fragile clear acrylic plastic part) shattered and lost two blades. It is so imbalanced that it will now not, nor should it, run. I am disappointed at the overall quality as I feel it should have been able to withstand such impact. It is inexpensive however, and the moral holds true.......I'll look for a better unit next time."
The genuine boars bristle brush is too soft and will not turn or lift my hair. The bristles just squish out and do not stay stiff enough to work hair. I think the boars bristles would be even worse with thick hair. They need a stiff nylon brush option.  They also need a medium speed for drying. You get slow low and fast high and if you can hold your finger on the quick heat button then maybe you can get to medium heat and blowing speed from the low setting but you can't hold the button for long. There should be some sort of trigger with the quick heat button built in or a way to lock it down. I don't use the other two attachments. I'd swap them for two different brushes or one good stiff brush attachment.
"The dryer works well for the price, but unfortunately after only a few weeks of use, the button that controls whether the dryer is on/off and the speed came off. I took the dryer apart and set an interior switch to the &#34;high&#34; position so that whenever I plug the dryer in it will turn on at the high speed. I'm not sure if that's safe, but it allows me to continue using the dryer. Since the dryer was so cheap when I bought it (under eight dollars), it's not such a big deal, so I give it three stars."
"This was a fine dryer, but I returned it. It simply wasn't as quiet as I hoped. i ended up going to a drugstore in town and plugging in all the dryers. The one I purchased was also ionic, but much quieter owing to the fact that it had three speeds and two heat settings. That means I can keep the middle speed and the cold heat setting, and it's much quieter than other dryers I tried."
I bought this to replace one that burnt out on me. This one is much bulkier and longer than previous one so I'm constantly hitting myself in the head. It will take some time to get use to.
"It blow drys my hair pretty well. However, it is heavy. I usually section my hair off to get it as straight as I can before flat ironing it. With this blow dryer I tend to just blow dry a entire section because it's so heavy. I wanted my own hair dryer instead of having to use my mothers. Sometimes I want to go back to using her hair dryer because it isn't as heavy."
"Works well, but not as light and small as other travel dryers I have had."
I like this product. The chord is long enough. Noise level is not too loud. Two power levels. The only reason I only gave it three stars is because I don't know if it's going to last.
"The product works fine, it just has a broken ring on the end of the drier so if you wanted to use the defuser, you can't."
I had a small travel hair dryer that finally broke after many years of use. i looked on line for a similar one but the Conair was the only one that folded so I though it might be the same size. it was not. Great for home but too large for travel.
"Very nice hairdryer. It is a little heavy, but you get used to it after a while. Gives a lot of power, so your hair dries quickly. Concentrator is included, so it helps prevent frizz. My hair does get a little frizzy after this, but it is not as bad as with other hair dryers. There are 3 settings and a Cool Shot button."
"I have purchased 3 of these hair dryers and the last 2 have not been satisfactory!  My daughter has the original one and it's still going.  I however, purchased one the same time she did and it just wasn't putting out the amount of air it did in the past.  So I replaced it with another one and it's only been months and it doesn't get as hot as it used to.  Very frustrating to pay so much for a dryer and not have it perform."
"I love this dryer but have gone through two in the last year. I always use the defuser with it and the defuser attachment ALWAYS falls off (about 30 times during a blow dry). This dryer works well on frizz when the defuser is staying on, but it is extremely frustrating to constantly stop and reattach it."
"not sure if it's because of the attachment, but even on the highest setting this dryer just isn't that powerful.  I have a really short pixie cut and it's taking me almost twice as long to dry as my old cheap-y dryer...humm."
"This dryer might work wonderfully.  I wouldn't know.  It arrived and I opened it and was shocked at how big it was.  Much larger than the photo or specs indicated.  Not suitable for travel, but I can't comment on performance."
"... of blow-styling, but it is a bit heavy. You wouldn't want to travel with it, and if you had a big, long, full head of hair that took awhile to dry, your arm would get mighty tired."
"I was surprised that it was smaller than I expected and by it's relatively light weight.But I had trouble pulling the plug out, as it was very stiff. When I finally got it out all the way, the cord wouldn't retract when I pushed the button. Also there is a scratch in the paint about 1/4 of an inch wide. Other than that it seems to work just fine.I like the cool setting."
"I got this hoping it would be a good replacement for my last blow dryer that i loved, and had for 3 years. I like the bendable handle and retractable cord. the setting are nice BUT it randomly shuts off while im using it!!! Ill have it on medium heat on high and its like it over heats or something. Its horrible for when im in a hurry getting ready for work because it takes at least 10 minutes to cool down enough for it to turn back on. And its not the outlet, or the fuse, i can take it to every outlet in my house and it still wont work until it cools down. But for the price i guess i shouldnt have expected any better."
I never used this for my wife insisted we buy a new microwave after I bought this. I did contact GE and they gave me a 20$ credit  and said not to worry about  paint peeling off. Tell that to your wife! That was OK because I read some reviews which made it sound alittle difficult to use.
"Works well enough for my purposes. Just the right size. I dig the 1 touch feature for 30 seconds (start) and minutes (number buttons). It's also good that it has the removable glass rotator thingy. What brings the star count down are the button sizes themselves uper tiny, and the handle. While this microwave is nice and light and the door seals well, that doesn't make for a good combination for opening the door. So I have to hold one side to apply opposite pressure to open the door. I think this could be solved with some super rubber feet, but I shouldn't have to add them myself."
"First...it's pretty big (something to considering if you live in an NYC apartment). Second...the door makes a pretty loud noise when you close the door. Third...there's a noise coming from the unit which sounds like the glass plate is shaking every time I use it. Overall, it heats up my food. That's all I really need."
"It's a microwave. The buttons feel cheap.  Also, before you purchase go somewhere and see a microwave that is .7 cubic feet. Literally can't even microwave a hamster it's so small..."
"I like Sharp Microwaves. My mother had one for 40 years and I have had one for 30 years before both required repair. My microwave needed a new magnetron and fuse which I fixed for $125.00. My mother's microwave had to be replaced as we could not find all of the replacement parts we needed. Hence, I purchased the one above- almost an exact replacement. It works very well and is easy to use, but I am not happy with the outward appearance. Too much black and it looks cheap compared to her original one."
Not as fun as I thought I would be
The button pad gets very easily torn up. I'm not a heavy handed person.  Owned this a few months and the pad is torn up. Looks like something was chewing on it. Especially the start and clear buttons.  Would have spent a bit more for a sturdier pad. Otherwise it works great and looks good.
Arrived in timely fashion and well package.  My complaints: It is noisy when it runs.  Also the plate that rotates sticks and makes a horribly loud noise as if something is going to explode.  I worry that this oven may not last long.  The door also requires a &#34;hard&#34; push on the mechanism to open the door.  l would not purchase this again.
"I've had this item for about a month. It was purchased to replace an aging micro/convection that I've had for about 8 years. While I've not yet used all the various settings,  I have used the microwave function. More to that in a minute.<br />When I received this item, the box didn't show any damage, but the micro had a sizable dent in the exterior upper back part of one of the side panels. Returning the item seemed like a huge pain (one of the problems with ordering this type of merchandise from an on line source), so I called Amazon customer service and they gave me a credit for the damage.<br />On to the performance of the unit.... It does work well as a microwave, however it is louder than any microwave I've ever had in the past (including the micro/convection that I bought this one to replace.) Is this a problem associated with the dent in the housing? Perhaps.<br />Now, the reason I've only used the micro function? I just haven't had the time to dig thru the manual to figure out how to use the other functions. It really is not very intuitive when it comes to ease of use. Also, while I knew that it had a wheel for time adjustment, I didn't realize how much I'd gotten use to simply entering the time digitally. I know this sounds like a petty complaint, but one would think that as technology advances, we wouldn't be taking backward steps in product design. I'll add more as I have the time to decipher the instructions for more functions."
it is a bit small. Also the sound it makes when it is done is ear piercing.
"The Danby microwave works well, but it is somewhat flimsy.  I've only had it for a few months and the plastic coating on the keypad is already bubbling and peeling.  However, the microwave cost less than $50, so for the price, it's a fair deal."
"Works fine, but somewhat lacking in some features.  The defrost selection begins at  1/2 lbs..  In a single person household, I often need to defrost smaller amounts.  I buy packages of pork chops, vegetables, etc. and split them up into small packages and freeze them.  Also, my previous microwave had a 30 second time add feature which I used more often than the 1 minute add feature on this microwave.  One minute is often longer than I need and if 30 seconds is too short, I could always push it more than once.  That microwave also had several fan speeds and light options.  The lower fan speeds were useful when I didn't need the higher speed and reduced the rather irritating high speed fan noise.  These restrictions are mostly just somewhat irritating and, overall, I'm not dissatisfied with the unit.  I also found the installation instructions somewhat difficult to follow. Mainly, I had a few parts that didn't seem to go anywhere.  My previous unit (different maker) only lasted 4 years which was a disappointment, I hope this one lasts longer."
"I got a good bargain on this. Looks good on the countertop. Though small in size with limited power, It works perfectly well and serves the purpose."
"I purchased this for a gift and didn't open the box. The recipient informed me that it was defective.  The door wouldn't close. I chose to have it repaired locally, as it was heavy for me to take to PO.  Needless to say, it discourages me from ordering large objects through Amazon.  I can't speak to the good qualities it may have.  I just wish the quality control had been better."
Very large and over priced! What happened to the small cube microwave?
there were some issues about the exact measurements. other than that it fit well.
"Nice looking microwave. basic features, no 30 seconds key, but no big deal. The only complaint that I have is after it finishes, it will constantly beep until you open the door or hit any key, otherwise it will keep beeping 3 times forever every 30 seconds."
"Cute, affordable and durable.. just weaker wattage than any microwave I've used. Also doesn't fit a standard size dinner plate."
Noisy and hard to open but I needed a smaller microwave with a somewhat higher wattage.  The wattage isn't quite what is advertised but okay.
"I never got this item even though I examined it and placed and order for it of wehich I cancelled, it probably works better than the Oster OGB8902-B0.9 That I got instead but has electronic problems."
Good value for basic microwave
"This microwave is whatever. It heats up your food, but that's about all it has going for it. The bottom three numbers don't work. They never have since I bought it. Also, the paint is already chipping on the bottom inside. It's really compact though, so it's a good choice if you have limited counter space."
Steel case was damaged on back side.  Was able to us because it was hidden when installed under cabinet.  The only complaint about the unit itself is the stainless steel interior gets scotched from the glass turntable plate unless you rare VERY careful.  The microwave/oven features are great.  Very easy to use and looks great!
First I want to say I have no issue with the microwave.  It is a great little machine.  The turntable is nice and not usual for small and low powered microwave.  My issue is with the price though.  It is not worth over $50; even that would be too high.  It is almost more worth it to find a cheaper one directly from Wal'mart etc.
"Very basic, works fine, a little noisier than I like (both mechanically and the door) and is a great price for what you are getting. For instance, the microwave I am replacing cost about $800. I wouldn't say the same negatives on that one... but it cost 8X as much. This one is a good deal if you aren't looking for top-of-the-line."
"Doesn't clean well, and retains odor...but it heats very well!  Vapors accumulate on all interior surfaces (door panel, interior housing).  This may account for the retention of odor.  Worth a try as microwaves go for general, light to medium use."
It works fine but can get pretty hot.
"Since we only use a microwave to heat or reheat food, I decided to forgo all the bells and whistles when our last one stopped working. This one was the lowest priced one that met the color, size and wattage I wanted.<br />Pros: Heats food as expected.<br />Cons: Noisy<br />While the microwave works fine for it's intended purpose, it's extremely noisy compared to our previous microwaves and occasionally makes an odd rumbling sound which may be from it not sitting level since one leg is shorter than the others. I attempted to adjust the leg without success so tucked a piece of folded cardboard under it to keep the microwave somewhat level. Also at first the door was extremely difficult to push open, but that has gotten better with use."
It is small but works well. I liked it
"Paint itself seems to work well -- depending upon WHERE you paint.  If your microwave is like mine, with a turntable, the (factory) paint wore off in the path of the little wheels that turn the glass table.  (NOTE: My oven is at least 10 years old.)  I read the paint can's directions thoroughly, scraping off all the old, loose paint and rust.  The paint says use it in a well-ventilated area; I suggest you wait for a nice, low-humidity day and use the paint outdoors.  (It smells quite bad.)  Make sure you allow the paint to dry thoroughly before bringing it indoors; I also waited 24 hours before re-installing the turntable and using the microwave.<br /><br />Results:  Within 2 months, the paint had been worn off by the turntable wheels, and I'm back where I started before painting.  So -- I guess if you're repainting someplace that will NOT get any wear, this paint will work fine.  Under turntable wheels, not so much.<br /><br />PREVENTION ADVICE:  Make sure your microwave oven is clean and DRY after each use.  Some foods, such as potatoes, generate a lot of steam/moisture in the oven -- which drained UNDER the turntable.  I didn't always notice the moisture, and that's what caused the rusting in the first place."
Good solution for a tight kitchen. Slightly underpowered but works well.
ok
"Received with damages in the back and on the sides. Contacted seller with no response. I needed a microwave so I didn't return the item. It is overpriced, but I was desperate because my old microwave stopped working. I gave it 3 stars because I think this is a refurbished item that shouldn't be claimed as new. Also, the handle is made of plastic, not stainless steel as it appears to be. The Tape (made to look like stainless steel), keeps peeling from the heat of the range, and exposing the plastic more everyday. I have had this microwave for 8 months now, and half of the tape wrapped around the plastic handle is gone. It is functional, but looks really tacky."
27 trim kit isn't 27 inches. It's 26 and 1/2 so there was a 1/4 gap on both sides  Would look nice if it fit
"Fast shipment, decent product.  Doesn't cook evenly."
It's OK but not perfect.  The 'buttons' are hard to see in dim light and offer zero tactile feedback.  It's way to easy to hit the 30 second button more than one time if you're not careful.  I stuck some small felt adhesive pads over the buttons I use frequently. That helped quite a bit. You can find them in low light and when you press it you know it.
"The door wants to catch.  When you push the numbers on the keyboard, they seem cheap.  You have to push hard for them to work right.  This is the second one of same microwave we've had.  Purchased it so wouldn't have to remount hardware.  This second one seems like it's a reject or a second that a store is trying to get rid of."
Nice small size for an out of the way spot on kitchenh shelve under counter.  In opening and closing take great care as it easily l tips forward.
"Overall, the appearance of this item looks great! However, I just installed this and there seems to be a problem with the drawer closing properly. Essentially, when one uses the close button or attempts to close the drawer manually, it closes but then immediately reopens. I found a way around this until a service agent can come to fix it which is to hold it closed so it does not reopen. There is a little trick to it and it has to do with timing of when to hold it shut. I did warm up a biscuit in it and it worked beautifully, otherwise!"
"It does what I bought it to do: boil water and heat leftovers. As stated in other reviews, it heats VERY unevenly. Since I only plan on having this microwave for a year or a year and a half, I went into this purchase willing to put up with such an inconvenience.<br /><br />If you are looking for a good microwave, look elsewhere. If you are looking for a cheap microwave that will hold you over until you can buy something bigger and better, go ahead."
"This Microwave is pretty good and very quite. I love the way it looks in the kitchen. However, that being said the reason I am not happy with this item completely is because of the way it was packaged when shipped. They don't box this item right and the corners are all exposed during shipping by the time I got it it was all warped and dented. Luckily it was on the side that you cant see when installed and nothing was damaged except for the optional vent part that came with it. Also, the install directions are very confusing..."
"The light on the clock does not stay lit when micro not in use.  When the door opens and shuts, the liquid in a cup or whatever may spill.  Also when reheating coffee from 7-11 it tips over!"
"I scraped and cleaned the area really we'll as per instructions, but found that the paint started to peel again after three weeks"
"Bigger than previous Microwave - larger form factor, had to do some work to retro fit and replace previous Microwave.<br />Easy to use, works well, heats food evenly."
"It works.  It does seem a bit cheaply made, but you aren't paying top dollar so you should expect that.  The door isn't real solid feeling, so far no problems though.  We mounted this over stove and the fan had low and high and now only has high.  Not sure what happened but it still works.  Be aware that if this microwave gets too hot (sitting over a self clean oven or cooking at high temps) the fan will kick on and won't shut off.  Fine, but we didn't know that at first and thought it was broken.  It's just trying to cool itself off!  Love the 30 second feature.  So many things just need short time to warm up or soften and so just pop it in, press the 30 sec and it goes.  Easy, fast.  Use that all the time."
"when shutting, yet works well and seems to be a good value for the price. I guess I just miss the more sleek, less noisy one that broke after 9 years :-)"
"The four fixed screws on the unit does not line up with the existing hole of the microwave, so i had to zip tie it down.<br />they needed to be at the 12 and 6 o`clock position for me to bolt it down, but it works great."
Box was not crushed but top venting cover was dented and cracked.  I used the old one from the same model that needed to be replaced as to avoid all of the return BS.
"SEPTEMBER 13, 2013 over one month after delivery AND STILL NOT USABLE!!!! GETTING UPSET.<br /><br /> THE RATING REFLECTS THE FACT THAT IT IS NOT WORKING YET !!!<br />So I can't be sure that it will.<br />The unit was delivered and it is what I wanted because it is exactly like the one I had for 14 years (newer model of course); but it has not been working as it should. I wonder if the tech will really getting it to work correctly. Waiting now for parts to fix the oven portion of the unit. The tech tells that the microwave portion only cooks on the sides and the center does not get the ray to cook the food, How can that be possible?? Anyway here I am one full month after purchasing the oven and can't use it. I still will be happy if they get it to work properly.<br />Love the fact that the color is not bisque --- thankfully it is almond like the previous one although the bottom of this one is white .... why??? Was it refurbished???? Original bottom damaged ???? Will never know."
"We ordered this to replace the previous version. Style is slightly different. It does not seem as sturdy as the last one and it didn't last as long we would have expected a semi-premium appliance line to last. We use it as built in, which was fine for the first one, but this door is not conducive to built in configurations. The new black trim is okay. So far it works fine."
"I loved this microwave's size and shape but in the last month (4/2016) I had two sparking incidents, luckily I was in the kitchen and got it unplugged quickly.  I just threw it out. Today I was looking online to see when I bought it (April 2013) and if anyone else had reported similar issues.   I see that there are similar reviews so don't think Ill buy another even tho I like the size and shape.   UPDATED 4/2016  it was hard to find a small microwave that didnt look cheap, this looks nice and works great, a keeper"
My wife wanted a smaller microwave for the counter top.  This was perfect --- at least for 28 days.<br /><br />On the 28th day - all the controls appeared to work but the unit no longer heated.<br /><br />Amazon's return policy was to issue a refund - I wanted it fixed so I contacted Whirlpool directly.  They stated the product had a full replacement guarantee for 12 months and that I would receive a call within 48 hours on how to get the unit fixed or replaced.<br /><br />It's now one week later - no response from Whirlpool and I can no longer get a response from them regarding the commitment they made me a week ago.<br /><br />I decided to contact Amazon about the issue.  Amazon is sending me a return label and issuing a refund.  (I should have done THIS in the first place and never bothered with Whirlpool).<br /><br />I just ordered my SECOND unit from Amazon --- I'm hoping this one will last longer than 28 days.<br /><br />I would give the unit 5 stars if it had not failed --- now only 3.  If the second one fails - I'll drop it to 1 or zero stars.<br /><br />I give Amazon 5 stars for service on this item.<br /><br />Joe
This Spacemaker microwave is 3/4&#34; deeper than in the specifications. This is the difference between fitting and not fitting in a 12&#34; deep cabinet.
"This microwave is fine. It is not great. It takes three and a half minutes to warm up a cup of coffee, but since that is its only function on our counter it is doing its job, just slower than some of the more powerful ones. Its size is definitely a plus and fits in a wee corner. Its not having more programable numbers is annoying as one has to hold the button as the time counts up incrementally, but for a cup warmer it will do."
"Fits perfectly in previous Sharp model space.  Heating seems the same as the previous model although this one states 850 watts and the old one said 1100 watts.  Exhaust does not work as well as the other model.  Fan seems to work same on low and high speed, no difference in sound or intensity of fan sound.  One would think the low would seem quieter."
I have very limited space so the design to fit in corner is great. I only use for re-heating or defrosting so it is fine for that. Some of my dinner plates are too large to fit in it...so I use smaller plates for re-heating. I don't like the lack of number pad but I knew it didn't have one when I bought it. It DOES have it's own popcorn button...:)
The push latch for the door is very tricky.  Sometimes it opens the door at once.  Mostly it takes repeated efforts.
"This is the only microwave made that fits into my pre-constructed custom cabinet space. My first one lasted 8 years.  When it wouldn't turn off, I ordered a new one.  The first one sent to me would not turn on.  Seems like something was wrong with the key pad. GE's fault,not the distributor or Amazon.  Called Amazon and they credited me immediately and charged /sent me a new one the next day which worked perfectly.  I just returned the first one in the original box with the scanner label they sent."
"I needed a small microwave for my small kitchen and this one fits the bill. (Why aren't there more small appliances out there? Oh right, we live in the U.S., where bigger is supposedly better).<br /><br />Anyway, this microwave has performed fine so far (powerful enough for reheating leftovers in a timely manner). It doesn't heat very evenly, but in my experience, most microwaves don't. If it's soup, no problem, just stir. If it's a frozen burrito, the ends will be bubbling while the middle is still frozen. Annoying.<br /><br />However, the biggest complaint after having this microwave for just one month is that there is a thin layer of plastic over the control buttons and it is already scratched and peeling off in some places! Makes me concerned about the overall quality of this thing."
"It is a very compact microwave and will fit well in a tight space.  The power is quite low and heat things very slowly, sometimes painfully slow. if you have a small kitchen, this will work OK, but be prepared to put up with slow heating and not so easy to use controls."
It is the right price but it is not the same size as it says.  We had the exact same one just a little older and this one was slightly smaller.  1/4 on all sides.
"I purchased this microwave to match other Frigidaire appliances I have, with price in mind. I missed that you don't have the ability to turn off the turntable on this model--it seems like that should be standard anymore. If you are cooking in something too large to make the rotation, the turntable function can be damaged. I'm not used to having to push a cook time button before selecting the time. I'll get used to that, though. It gives three long beeps when the time is up, which is kind of annoying to me for some reason. Even when you open the door, the beeps continue. I haven't used it much yet. I tried the popcorn feature, and it needed at least another minute of cooking time beyond what that is preset for. I like that you can add 30 seconds with the touch of a button. But if I'd had more time (home construction--it arrived and was installed right away) and had purchased it locally where it would be easy to return, I would have returned it and opted for a different model. It looks nice, and I'm sure it will be fine."
"The microwave looks good, but stopped heating after 2 months.  I am on hold now with Sharp customer service. The space saving design is nice, but don't like waiting for the drawer to open/close. The controls being 4' off the ground are tempting for my 3yr old."
When we were remodeling our kitchen we decided to replace our Sharp countertop convection microwave with the over the range model. I really miss the old one. This new model seems to be a lot noisier than the old one. I went from 1.5 cubic feet down to 1.1 and it feels like I lost a lot more room than that. The hood light is VERY dim and the replacement bulbs (2) each cost at least $4 a piece if you can find them. Because we had to vent this into the kitchen we had to sent away to Sharp for a charcoal filter that cost $20 (filter plus shipping and handling.) We had planned to vent it to the outside but the vent didn't even come close to matching up the hole from our former range hood. The cooking turntable is white and very had to keep clean. It is only a month old and is very stained already.  <br />I do like to have the cooking area at eye level.  <br />I researched the price for comparable items on the web before buying and Amazon offered the best price as well as free shipping. I am very pleased with Amazon!
"UPDATE: Yes i too had the door latch button melt and it does not function any longer it actually was replaced within the 1st year under warranty but now this has happened again a second time and i was only boiling water on the front burner, i see no use in paying for a second repair since i am currently using a pen to pop the door open i will of course have to replace the whole microwave in the near future & i will be soooo happy when i finally do i can't wait to ditch this appliance what a waste. next time I'm choosing a regular handle not a push button latch. Live & Learn   don't they test these designs in practical applications before releasing them to the consumer.....won't be buying anything from sharp company any time soon.   I purchased this microwave to replace a countertop model (emerson proffesional) stainless steel, I needed a spacesaving feature plus vent for stove and wanted stainless steel to match my other stainless steel appliances.  I purchased it from Amazon for $275. lowest price I could find and am currently waiting on a $30.rebate from sharp so for the price its not a bad deal.  It has no handle that makes it sleek looking and the control panel is hidden behind the door not used to having to set controls before closing door but it makes cleaning easier.  My countertop model was of higher quality stainless steel and i only paid $100. for it (on all sides) not just the front like this model  I installed this unit to vent vertically outside the damper is a bit flimsy but hopefully its been tested by sharp for reliability.  Exhaust fan unit detects heat from stove and automatically operates, unit is a bit noisy on either hi or low setting,wish it was quieter.The light has hi and low settings either is bright enough, more of a night light feature.  Overall it work fine and looks good. Not a high end unit but then again not a high end price.  It does have a nice feature that senses when your food is cooked, used it on potatoes which turned out great.At first I was reluctant to purchase this larger appliance that would be shipped through UPS for fear it would arrive damaged but UPS did a fine job with handling.  Rated it 3 stars as unit being average and appearance bearing clean lines which boosted my rating."
"Quiet, but does not seem like 1000 watt power."
"Unit is lighter than expected. Cooks as expected. Door latch is hard to push, but not hard enough to move unit while opening. Light comes on as unit runs, not as door opens. Buttons are convenient for cooking, but read directions, some difference to set power levels, than other microwaves I have owned. Went with this unit, due to reviews, size and price."
"Microwave and reheat function works well, but it is a little slow and worse of all it has no way to quickly add 30 seconds or a minute. You must always either select a mode or manually enter the cook time before starting."
The microwave is fine but the shipping was terrible.
Came damaged and was returned
"I wanted a product that was a microwave and toaster, and this claimed to be in the description.  It does not toast!  The manual is awful, very little and very confusing instructions."
Perhaps its my fault in not researching the low wattage but indeed this microwave takes an exorbitant amount of time to heat items
"This thing is small and that's what we needed. But it is weak. I've used some really awful microwaves before, but this thing takes longer to heat my food than any of them. It eventually does the job though, and the price was right."
"Too small and too heavy, but works as expected."
smaller than your average microwave
"Really short from top to bottom; lots will not fit.  That is probably my fault; measurements are probably in the description.  But, the glass round tray comes out every time we use it, and it very hard to put back in to rotate properly."
Larger footprint than expected for such a small microwave.  Appears to be functional enough.
"A bit noisy when running and the box and unit was damaged in shipping, though not affecting functioning.  Holding up well at the moment."
WOW am I ever surprised! The product descriptions states &#34;Spacious 2.0 cu. ft. interior Accommodates a wide range of meal and snack items&#34; this spacious interior is in reality 1.4 cubic feet!!!. LG's claim of 2 cubic feet include all of the little indentations on the sides and bottom So perhaps this unit has a 2 cubic feet capacity .. if you laid it on it's back drilled a hole in the door and poured in 2 cubic feet of liquid! Well so much for honesty in advertising ... I'll write another review when i actually start using my small microwave but for now I feel duped.
Really tiny.  Not very powerful.  Both of those were to be expected.
Not really a good product. Sometimes turns off itself.
As described
"It works fine, but we hate the push to open button.  We end up pushing the whole microwave away....(you need to use your other hand to hold the microwave in place)."
Door hard to open and microwave has shut off a couple of times and it's only 6 mos old! Waiting to see if this happens again!
"Because I was stung by the fatal malfunction of the digital display on my 1 1/2 year old Samsung microwave, this time I opted for a semi-manual operating system.  It's a mixed blessing.  Hopefully, it will last longer, but it's cumbersome.  Want 10 seconds to melt butter?  Nope, 15 seconds only.  Want to use the timer?  You must press the button THREE times to activate it.  The convection cycle seems slow, but works. These are little things, and I'm hoping this microwave will carry me through at least 4-5 years of irritation."
"This is my second unit, replacing one installed in a custom-built cabinet.  I purchased this one solely for dimensional compatibility.  When working, this microwave is excellent in all respects.  It runs quietly, the controls are intuitive and it boasts a number of cooking programs that generally perform well.  Unfortunately, after 5.2 years in service the first unit failed.  I was told the failed component was the magnetron, an expensive part, so I simply replaced it.  I hope the premature failure of the first unit was an aberration."
"Device ok after only 2 weeks except that operating touch panel is not the work of genius and not really touch.<br /><br />Big floppy paper templates for wall and overhead marks should be on or glued to stiff cardboard with perforations for marking. Author of directions too expert to convey simple things, failed to consider ceramic tiles on walls need carbide drills. Directions were accurate tho clumsy."
"The price can't be beat, and it has only the features I wanted.  However, it's noisy, and the door is difficult to open.  I practically have to punch the toggle or hold the unit with my left hand, while I push on the switch with my right.  I'm hoping this gets easier over time."
"I like this microwave, EXCEPT the door is NOT always close right.. as you close it, it's almost as if it was installed a bit lower than it needs to be to close securely. The family is ALWAYS complaining about it:(  Also, for the size of this thing, I thought it would be a tiny bit taller INSIDE. Our freezer makes ice-cream VERY HARD so we 'nuke' it for maybe a minute to get it softer before serving- the round ice-cream container cannot fit upright in it.  Some cups do not fit either.<br /><br />The PLUS side of this tho, is that it DOES fit snugly into a corner! THAT is the only thing that sells it, in my opinion. I have NO IDEA WHY, it is so big & bulky for the size it actually IS, on the inside!? There is a solid 5&#34; of 'bulk' at the bottom, another 3&#34; at the top and about 6 & 3/4&#34; of height INSIDE.... and that does NOT include the plate & roller.... so you TRULY ONLY HAVE a microwave that is 5 & 3/4 INCHES tall inside!! ... The PLATE within, is an 11&#34; plate, but it is very close to the edge. ALSO, the bottom roller that holds the plate in place- is in TWO PARTS, rather than ONE. If this roller gets off the other piece... it makes a rattling noise & makes you think there is something very wrong with it.<br /><br />We only use a microwave for warming things, reheating pizza, a cup of coffee etc., and this does that job very well, however, for $150, I would have absolutely RETURNED IT- had I not lived on an island in Alaska, where the shipping would have KILLED  me :("
"The microwave was dented when removed from packaging. Since the dent was in the back and didn't interfere with installation, I didn't send it back."
"Bought this model to replace the one bought thru Amazon 6 years ago. It just died abruptly, thought it was a fuse but if there was one couldn't locate it. Buying the same model made installation a snap. Just hope this one lasts longer"
"It is installed, it heats/cooks still after 4 days.  wife is disappointed in appearance, but it looks ok to me."
i like these pacifiers and i'm sure they are a good product. unfortunately my baby is used to the soothie pacifiers and don't not take to these. these pacifiers constantly pop out of his mouth as he's trying to suck on them. he will try to hold it in his mouth but the pacifier will continue to pop out. i will keep trying to offer these to him in hopes that he gets used to it as i've already spent money on two packages!
"Obviously they work and are great, problem is I only give them to him inside the house because I was sent girl colors and not the boy colors.  Not worth sending them back but very disappointed all the same.  Now he just turned 6 months so I need the next size anyway.  But these kind work great and are shaped to be more natural."
The material is harder than it used to be. The ones I bought from BRU  a year ago are much softer.
She didn't like these at all but they look cute.
"These are great binkies, and I know they say animals/colors will vary, but I received 2 very gender specific pacifiers for girls when I have a boy. I thought they would at least have 1 of each or more gender neutral."
If my daughter liked using pacifiers I'm sure she would like these. She just hasn't taken to the pacifier.
I guess it was my fault but they are huge!
ok i like these a lot but i would liked them even more if i got the ihealthy something's. instead we got icookies/ice cream/ french fries. would have liked the bananas/peas or avocado instead.
They are ok.  The case they came in completely cracked.
the image is good. but if your house is big or your rooms has wall between the living room and the bedroom you won`t see the baby because it says it has no signal. this product is good for an open house display or small apartment but the range is too little.
"the material is breathable n super soft which i personally love. however, the threads come off very easily & since we are dealing with diaper rash tubes, the edges of the tube frequently gets stuck on the sheet pulling off the threads. just don't find this sheet very durable."
cute and great for small babies.
came dried out and the applicator was falling apart. very cheap and will not buy again
"There is no real difference between these and the less than 3 months model, except for how thick these ones are. I think this material would be good for shoes... She is not a fan because of the lack of chewability."
These are OK. Would be better if it was easy to tie a standard soother clip to it.
ok
it served it's purpose but the fit made my breast look weird and it was easy to fall out of.  not a bra that can be worn the whole day if you have large breast.
the characters go with eric carle but not with the book?  cute for the bath tho
"i bought this mobile for my baby cause the other one he had broke, well u know what they say :u get what u pay for!  i have a budget and this was affordable and it gives my baby something to be looking at shile he's in the crib. it is plain and nice , for $20"
good for a 2yr old
"wonderful, until it ripped after a couple months. i will still use it, but it has ripped along 3 of the stars shown in the pic.."
good
"i find that it works, but it's a lot of effort and takes a lot of time just to pump a few ounces.  at times i feel like it would be (and usually is) just as effective to hand express.  good for an emergency, but maybe would not purchase again knowing i could do it with my own hands as effectively."
"the gate is very solid. the installation is straightforward, but i ran into a couple of issues - if you have quarter-round or other detailed molding right at the ground, you'll need to remove some of it to get the bracket to mount properly. the gate can compensate for having baseboard, but the bottom bracket sits right on the floor and mounts to the wall, so you need a flat surface on your wall/doorway at the bottom. i suspect this isn't a problem for most doorways, but mine was going in an entry way that had quarter round. a couple of minutes with a chisel took care of it, but i will have to repair my molding once i remove the gate. despite measuring, leveling, etc,. i have a problem with the gate easily closing. it seems like the gate door is slightly out-of-plane with the rest of the unit. i'm sure the gate works perfectly in houses with perfectly square walls and careful installation, but i think the latches need to provide a bit more slop. as it is, i need to use care (or sometimes two hands) to get the door to align and close properly. the gate is very nice compared to the expandable wood type (specifically if you need something that will stand up to a baby playing around it), but if i need another in the future, i'll be looking for one with a better latching system and a wider door opening."
this barely fits on our bob duallie pro.
"My son loved this pacifier, until the tip broke off out of nowhere, thankfully not while it was in his mouth. We had 2 of these, and even the second one that had not broken had lines where you could tell it was worn and could break at any time. I contacted the company, but received no response. After reading the box, it states to change the pacifier every 6-8 weeks (which of course we hadn't, it had been 5 months with 2 pacifiers) so apparently natural rubber isn't the strongest material."
"Okay in a pinch just not the pacifier our little one prefers. The handle on the front adds extra weight which our little ones didn't like. They come in a self containing case, so I keep them in the diaper bag as a backup. She has used MAM pacifiers the most. It all comes down to personal preference."
"this is not an easy gate to close or open, even for an adult. i'm glad that i only have to open it occasionally or it would be such a hassle that i would return it. it's an extremely sturdy gate though and my 50+ pound dog hasn't been able to get past it yet."
"good quality, but i was missing a knife in one of my sets."
"This product was adorable but the beak on the duck is much lower than the other wubba nubs so it fell out of my babies mouth instead of staying in place like others. Love this product, but duck is not great for my one month old - maybe later when she can hold it."
I wish I could give this product a better review because it honestly is a great pacifier for small infants. These Soothies have saved my sanity many nights and are excellent in that I dont have to worry about water collecting in the pacifier BUT the older (and chunkier) my infant is getting the more her little thick fingers are get stuck in the center of the pacifier. When learning to pull her pacifier to her mouth and play with it she almost always gets her thumb stuck in the pacifier center. I am a hawk over my baby so her finger never stays in there for long but the suction created makes it difficult to remove the pacifier from her finger at times. After struggling with this issue for 3 days I finally got her a competitors pacifier that is very similar in design to reduce my anxierty and her risk of injury associated with her finger being lodged in the pacifier's nipple/ center.
"I put baby wipes in this bag and put it in a tight cross over bag because I was going on a trip.  It is a really cute bag but leaked.<br />I was really hoping it would not leak because it is adorable.  The bag was stuffed tight, not sure if that is why it leaked?<br />But if it is a wet bag I would hope that it would not leak in any bag that I would put it in.  I will keep it and use it for something<br />else - not sure what at this point.  Disappointed that it leaked. How it leaked was it was wet on the corner of one of the sides -<br />I went to pull it out and it was damp - and you could see where it was wet.  Cute design and maybe needs some fine tuning."
"Great product, adorable pattern and great functionality! :)"
doesn't light up much in the night but my daughter loves it
"i bought the regalo easy step extra tall walk thru gate for our two toddler grandchildren visiting from the uk during the holidays. the 2 1/2 year old was smart and tall enough to open the gate himself. the gate is not real sturdy, as the attachments to the threshold didn't stay well with the tots pushing on it. we didn't want to permanently anchor it since they were only here for 2 months, but with their next visit we will. the walk through space is a bit tight for a larger hipped person. basically, the gate served its purpose. wish i could have given it a better rating, but sometimes you get what you pay for."
"my son loves these cups because his favorite character is iron man.  however, one of the lids completely cracked in half after only a month of use.  hope the other one holds up."
"well, first, it didn't stick to the window. i don't know if it was me or the product, or what. i have a maxima so i was able to wedge it in between the top of the window and bottom of the window, so its there. i don't think i would buy again. i made due because im cheap....and this was cheap."
"i don't have another hand pump to compare this to, but it's not particularly productive for me personally.  i have heard great things so i bought it, but i think maybe hand pumps just aren't effective for me.  certainly if you're used to using an electric pump (especially a double electric), it's not going to be the same.  pumping varies from person to person, this just doesn't work great for me.  i sort of got the idea from other reviews that it was similar to electrics or worked well for everyone."
"construction design for strength needs improving along with gate closure.<br /><br /> a 1 1/2 year old child was able to flex it back and forth, not sure if it would have held if we had let him continue."
"My baby is 5 months old and thought I should upgrade to the 3month pacifier but he will not take these..... i think the only difference is that they are hardermore firm? Anyways, i put them away and will try at a later date:)"
None available.
"I want to love this steamer, really I do.  When it works, it's awesome.  We got it to sterilize bottles in the hospital while our daughter had open heart surgery.  Heres the issue, you have to be beyond precise with how much water you pour in or the steamer doesn't work.  This precision is marred by the fact that the bottles you put in are wet so they drip water and change your water levels.  It can make an overtired parent crazy.  Plus, if you put too mUch water in, during the steam function, all of the water spills out on your counter and if you aren't watching the steam cycle for the full 10 minutes, the water can spill off of your counter and ruin your hardwood floor.  So, from experience, I recommend putting a jelly pan underneath the steamer..."
"Adorable. This was a gift. My son had the dino version, unfortunately he never took a paci."
good
"the product is defective, the red button does not work, plus the sound is very low"
"very comfy for the early months  , although as i'm getting bigger i wish this was too! it's losing its fluff and i still have two months to go. it's good for the price though.."
"i got these for travel but found that a fair number of places (houses, usually) didn't have compatible chairs - they weren't tall enough or they had arms.  so, instead, we ended up getting two of kelsyus travel high chairs for our twins and i wish we'd skipped straight to them instead. they last from age 6 months until 6 years and work as high chairs, camp chairs, etc. the twins can just use them for so much longer. . i wish i had known about them before buying the high chair pads http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/b007rf22xe/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=utf8&psc=1"
"i like the look of this seat and the installation is cake! it fit securely and quickly. if looked like it would be comfortable. the back was cushy and i thought my daughter would love it. unfortunately, the side impact head rest makes it impossible for the child to look out the side windows. she was miserable not being able to see anything around her. i'm sending it back."
it was larger than expected. although it looked ok it is definitely plastic and has limited potential as a gift.
"this is perfect for traveling with a toddler. my 4 year old loves it. however, after the first night of use the body of the sleeping bag ripped away from the pillow. i imagine the first time i put it in the washing machine the sleeping bag will be a shambles. i was expecting more quality and longevity from this product."
this changing pad works for changing diapers but isn't quite as big as i thought it would be and the quality is just okay.
"with our first two kids we used the nap nanny. when our third child was born we thought we would try this product instead.<br /><br />in our opinion the nap nanny was a superior product in all but two respect, which is that this one has a deeper recess for the child to lay in, and is easier to clean. other than that, this is a downgrade. the nap nanny was made of a foam rubber, and was very soft and comfortable. this product is a hard plastic frame covered by a thin padded outer shell. if only they had used more padding, i wouldn't have minded the change so much, but this lacks any real padding on the bottom or sides, and has just barely enough in the sleeping area.<br /><br />we use these products in our bed. we place it in between us, and let our baby sleep in it until he is about 3-4 months old. this makes the nightly feedings much easier."
"the free mirror isn't as pictured.  it's tiny and a worthless piece of junk.  false advertising by the vendor!  amazon, please look into this.  the seat is completely awesome!!!"
beautiful and soft but pilling already after only a couple of washes. still love it...
It's ok
"got this for my 2 1/2 year old.  seat works fine, but the tray is too small for how much she likes to eat and for many of her  plates and bowls.  the tray also does not slide on as smoothly as i would like, especially if you already have food on the tray."
"One had a hole in it. The other was fine, and my 6-week-old likes it."
Had a good time in my baby shower! I ll cherish those moments. But the eyes' cover comes with very poor elastic that don't even fit kids head. We used kerchief later on!
"I bought this because my daughter loves her monkey wubbanub and I wanted to make sure that she had a back up in case her monkey got lost.  I personally this is very cute.  It does look more like a sheep with long ears than a bunny but regardless its cute.  The body is not as long as the other wubbanubs I have seen and it is about 3/4 the size of one.  Although I think it is, my 10 month old daughter does not like this one at all.  I think it's because it's a little harder to hold than the monkey because the body is so short.  Also, the fabric is a little bit fluffier than the monkey so I think that it feels different to her as well.  Although we still have this at home and she uses it occasionally (we still try and give it to her), she definitely prefers her monkey."
"These pacifiers are great to avoid the gross crust that gets in the part where the nipple of a pacifier meets the hard plastic, BUT my baby did not care for them which is why I give only 3 stars."
You only get two colors and they don't look like this. False advertisement. They have animals not the best designed animals on them. They do work which was needed for a growing 6 mos baby. If you use Nuks these are similar but if you use the round pacifiers do not recommend. I ordered that for an older baby will not take round pacifier
wanted to like it. but after one wash it is not as soft as it was pre-wash. otherwise alright. cute design.
Fun game. But you have to cut out the pacifiers to pin on the baby yourself. And then provide your own tape.
"Very mixed feelings on this.  Bought for a baby shower and it was the most talked about gift.  Some thought the womb idea was great - others not on board behind the theory of this.  Most of us have forgotten what being inside a womb sounds like.  Some felt this sounded like a heavy breather on a late night phone call.  It also goes on and on, it should look more like the energizer bunny.<br /><br />After a few weeks of use, no evidence that it works one way or the other.  He is cute and cuddly."
for the price it's an ok last minute stroller but the wheels are pretty useless unless you are just going straight
"it's budget friendly, super soft, and really cute, but the velcro across the front rubs and irritates my little guys belly."
It's okay - a lot smaller than I expected.
"Yes, it works, the pacifier closes when falls down, but the problem is that then the baby can't open it and put it in her mouth; plus our baby choose on everything, including on the parts of this pacy that touches the floor, so it defeats the whole reason we got it n a first place. But might work for someone else."
"Granddaughter will take it, briefly, if nothing else is available, but doesn't like it. It isn't very soft or pliable, like the softer silicone or latex ones. It is all one piece, which I usually love, but for some reason it attracts every piece of fuzz and hair it finds. Because of the material it's made from, stuff sticks to it, her blanket's fuzz doesn't stick to any other pacifier but this one. Even her hair will get stuck to it, so I wouldn't recommend it."
this is ok. not really necessary to buy.
i have boys and of course i received girl colors. but delivery was superb!
like the bags but the dispenser was not great - you really had to pull excessively to get the product out. i eventually just threw the dispensers away and use the bags on their own.
"great idea, sticks on well,  but my 10 month old ds broke it in 2 days."
sits very straight up but otherwise comfortable and easy to assemble!
What every child wants. Well made!
"baby doesn't like pacifiers, so I cant really say much. But i would say that though our baby isn't big on pacifiers, he gave this one a second chance. Lol"
It's much more normal than i expected . the plastic material is weak though .
The picture shown on the product details is very misleading. The price is for one case only!
"if you are using for a diaper don't, but if using for a burp cloth my favorite."
"super adorable, but made out of cheap plastic. the price is decent though. it's just what you would expect. could have a better suction cup, my 2 year old flicks it and it falls. but good for the price."
doesn't really wash off (takes some scrubbing) but the idea is cool and enjoyable. it also breaks pretty easily if the kid pushes out the color part.
"i don't think they are detecting motion from 15 feet away, maybe 5 to be realistic. one of them doesn't seem to be 180 degrees as you need to walk right in front of it before it turns on. they are definitely bright enough so you can see what you are doing and they don't turn on unless it is dark. the quality is so-so. i you mount them on the wall with the stickers, you won't be able to change the batteries."
they are ok. the first set i purchased my son loved but when i reordered another set these came different. the part the child sucks on had too much air in it and my child was unable to suck on it. Had to return
Not as cute as some. It's just ok.
"The little stuff animals were cute but the pacifier itself aren't good, really bad for developing  of babies teeth."
Purchased this to put the families swim suits in for the summer. The butterfly bag is a good size and feels strong. The smaller bag I am still trying to figure out a use for it. It's about the size of my hand from base of the palm to the tip of my middle finger.
I purchased these and the Mam ones so I could find them at night and wanted to compare them. These don't glow and the Mams do. I still gave them 3 stars because these are my little one's favorite type of pacifier (he keeps it in his mouth the longest.)
this one looks a bit better but does not perform than the other cheap chinese product sold for half that much.  this one also looses grip frequently and needs to be removed and re mounted.  i expected more
"the leg holes make it to where my son's legs stick out horizontally. the placement makes no sense. other than that, height is easily adjustable. easy to put together."
"very cute, exactly like the picture."
It's paper so it rips easy and you have to cute all the banks from this huge sheet and it takes so long if you want to do it perfectly because of the odd shape.
"the bowl and spoon are nicely built, very smooth. my baby likes to chew on the spoon. it is a good chewing toy for her. the only think i do not like is that i need to put oil on them to make sure they will not crack. i used coconut oil but it is not too healthy for baby."
the hour piece broke off.  works great to track whether your on right and left.
"for the price,  this is beautiful. however,  it is not nearly as large as i anticipated and yet despite its small size it's an i credible amount of pieces to put together. the manufacturer their to save paper and therefor put every limb and piece of limb separately to jigsaw them on a few pieces. they easily could have made it never by putting larger pieces of the tree together on a page and the little leaves and animals on a separate page. we figured it out but there while every piece was labeled with a number there was no completed numbered diagram to show where the numbers went. the biggest dissapointment though is that the pieces are see through even though that is not displayed in  the images online. if you put an owl in front of a piece of tree the tree shows through the owl and it's ugly. i got around this by chance going up. the scene but you can't set it  up as they did. their image is digitally enhanced."
wanted to love these based on other reviews. no matter how many times my husband and i try to close these cups correctly they leak at the seal. disappointing.
very bulky and does not fold up very small. looks nice but at 32 lbs and not small it was not fitting in my car trunk. sent back and got the britax b agile and very happy with it.
easy to install not easy to walk with when using the city mini jogger. the handle on the stroller doesn't allow enough room for both you and the child. you have to walk leaning forward to allow room for a child<br />to stand between you and the stroller. doesn't work well for going on a walk around the neighborhood but it will do for s trip to the mall or zoo when you are not constantly walking.
"i'm using this to freeze baby food for my daughter and i find it really tedious and challenging to pop the cubes out once they're frozen. i'm sure they're trying to save freezer space by running the cubes vertically, but this would be much easier if the cubes froze horizontally."
"they are pretty much what i expected. work well, and i love being able to feel confident that i am not being rude by changing and disposing my child's diaper when out and about."
These have thicker/firmer silicone. My baby personally would not accept these compared to the 0-3 mo ones. Perhaps when he is older he wouldn't mind them.
Wish I would have been able to pick a color ... my little boy now has pink binks lol
"Not exactly like picture, but affordable, usable, and cute."
"I received this product all in one bag, not individually wrapped in manufacturers packaging like I had thought. Other than that, they seemed to be new but I suppose there is no way of really knowing."
My 6 month old he.. didn't quite like it as much as i thought he will...
My child didn't like them that much.
Pacifier is a great concept but the nipple is too long for a baby to easily use.
"This seems ok so far, although the baby is not here yet to put it to the real test.  It's definitely cute and comical.  I didn't like that it came in a little cellophane wrapper as opposed to an acutal package.  It's kind of hard to tell if you got what you paid for when there is no packaging.  It appears sturdy and I don't think it will give us any trouble, but I really would have liked atual packaging.  I think it would be a cute gift, but would never give someone some random pacifier in a cellophane wrapper."
"The rubber part on these was not the orthodontic shape I expected, it was more bulbous.  My son did not use them."
ok product. fun for baby shower
"Well... My experience with these pacifiers ... I was very excited waiting for them for my 7 months old Baby. The shipping was very fast, too soon. They are cute, one-piece, completely silicone and suitable for my baby's mouth BUT are so flexible and soft that cause me fear that an accident happens, bends easily. An anxious baby teething put things in their mouth, I think it's a little dangerous. Im using them because I pay for them and bought 4 and also my baby likes but I confess I'm super alert and try to tie the paci to his Nunu (Burp Cloth)."
The gate is well made and easy to install securely. The only drawback is that it is higher than most baby gates and my wife can't get over without removal.
color quality is not as vivid as in pic
My baby is barely getting used to it..
u really have to get it in the light to get it to glow but these are my babies favortie pacificers. also the bottle warmer by Avent is awesome& takes a beating
"The nipple is easy to clean and colors are nice. But the problem with it is, the plastic part is flat. It falls out very easily. I was expecting a more natural shape that hugs the child's mouth. It would also be nice to have a right side up and upside down. The nipple is the same both ways but one way, the plastics part pushes against the child's nose. Everything else was good."
It was for a baby shower and when she opened it. She just loved!! Thanks
"So far my 4 month old son does not like these. They are much thicker than the 0+ month ones and the nipple is super strong, probably so that teething babies can chew on them. I will give an update when he's teething."
i bought this for my grandson for our car it's is extremely light weight compared to a more expensive one my daughter has. unless you fit it permanently with the hook system then it wobbles around somewhat. i wish i had bought a better one.
"all of the parts don't exactly fit together, so there isn't a clean seal anywhere (middle or top) for odor to not seep out of."
Great fit with no gaps all around.
"Love this brand: the only pacifier my daughter will take. I was thrilled to find a glow in the dark version, as we always seem to be patting around the mattress in the dark looking for it. The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because the glow doesn't last very long. It needs to &#34;charge&#34; in light, at which time it is very bright. However, after a few minutes of being in the dark, it no longer glows, which is unhelpful at 3 a.m."
"nice colors, but wish it was a little softer. maybe it will as time goes on and it is washed over and over."
They are okay but I like the born free much better. The hard plastic does not conform to my son's face and it doesn't stay in his mouth that well. When washing soap and water get in the nipple and it's impossible to get all the water out so I'm worried about mildew
cute but really small
"the design it great, no deep seems to collect grim. dumps pretty easy, doesn't slide around too much.<br />we have a few issues with this potty.<br />1. the hole in the seat is too wide for my daughter. she can sit on it and doesn't fall in, but just barely. i think it is her hip bones that stop her from falling in. this makes it uncomfortable for her to sit on long enough to do her business.<br />2. the pee guard in the front is too high for her, it makes it hard for her to sit down, she doesn't clear the pee guard, bumps her bottom on the guard. our other potty is for girls and is flat all around, she is used to being able to start to sit then position herself on the potty.<br /><br />i was shopping for a potty to put in her room that she can use when she wakes up. since my daughter is over 2 i thought she needed a bigger potty, this was advertised as for bigger kids, but my kid is not big enough for it. she is 28 lbs (60%) and is 50% for height so your average 3 foot tall 2.5 year old.<br />the height of this potty is perfect, her knees are nut bent up to her chin, the back is nice, except that she can't put her back against the back rest.  without almost laying down."
I liked these but my baby decided on a different kind.
"Love these, but wish you could choose a gender neutral color. Last time I ordered I got pink and purple, this time it's a little better with red tulips. Good thing my husband doesn't mind"
soft but the milk soaks right through them.
the camera on this is top-notch along with the controls: but it lacks a noise filter level. we operate a white noise machine in our daughters room and our old monitor used to only kick in when she cried or cough...however this has a hot-mic and we hear the white noise as-if we are in the room with her all night long. while i don't mind hearing the ocean...i can certainly live without it. if i had to do it all over again i would have bought something else that filters out the noise.
never used .. couldn't keep it to hold up with baby.. good quality and soft.. my baby didn't care for it
"purchased to use for drying plastic tupperware lids and water bottles coming out of the dishwasher, not for baby bottle use. it works but the slots are a tad to narrow to fit those items. design is great and looks nice on my kitchen counter"
Really cute product but baby did not like them.
"My baby girl loves her elefant, the only problem is that the pink is too light so it gets dirty fast and shows it. We have a darker wubbanub and I like it more."
Works good if you can get the baby to use it.  Ours was use to one that was different and she kept spitting it out.
"Good design nipple but surround part is more wider, blocks the infant(20 days old) nose little."
"easy to install, try and screw into a stud though, after a few month it gets worn in the sheet rock and it came right out with a small tug."
I bought the elephant paci and the dog paci. The dog paci is great- lays well on baby's chest. The paci on the elephant is connected via a twisted / curled trunk and so it's a bit ackward to get it to sit just right and keep the paci in baby's mouth.
"I don't know what it is about the elephant Wubbanub.  I purchased both this one and the blue and green dinosaur Wubbanub, and for some reason, the dinosaur seems like it is better in every way possible, i.e. better quality materials, better made, cuter, softer, etc.  This is still a good product, but just not as good as some of the wubbanubs out there.  All of my nieces and nephews have used these pacifiers and been extremely attached to them, so it is a good product.  However, with as cute as the elephant is, just be aware that there are better options out there."
They come as shown in the second picture. I wish it was the print shown in the first photo. Regardless my baby loves the MAM brand and fits perfectly
"it's been so hard to find the right nursing bras! i give this one stars for comfort and materials. the cotton is soft and design cutely feminine. usually i'm a 36c but this bra feels big and like there's extra room in the cup...strange. also, the cups feel a bit pointy, accentuating my already big boobs... just doesn't work with certain shirts.."
"Good value for the price.  Works fine, night vision capability is good, range is good, set-up easy.  Battery in the receiver will not last through the night even in the standby mode.  Works fine if you keep it plugged in.  Also, green light on side of receiver stays on all the time, annoying if you like to sleep in a dark room."
"Love these things! Wubbanubs are in my top 10 must have things on my mommy list of things you need. But buy the wubbanub like the cat or the lamb. The elephant trunk is too long and make the paciffer floppy...harder for your baby to manipulate. BUY one of these ,but not this elephantl."
this would work well for a window that is straight at the top and bottom.  our window is angled so it doesn't fit well at well.  we are not using this product and wouldn't recommend it for angled windows.
gave it as a gift as i didn't think the face was so cute...
"purchased this monitor a year ago and the sound quit working about 4 mo after purchase. all other components are still working, but it is somewhat difficult without sound."
"the nightlight is cute when off, but once it's turned on, the light shines through to display a poor paint job. it's also a heavy nightlight and can teeter over if not balanced well on the plug. it did work well for quite some time.  once it stopped working, we removed the elephant and use it as a stand-alone room decoration."
it's not what i expected.  it really does not swing. it just glides.
cute! light lasted just for a short time.  probably needs new battery.  if that works it's a good purchase.
"this is in no way a fault of the product, but please know that even though the faa's own website recommends this product, many airline staff are not familiar with it and will tell you that you cannot use it since it &#34;intrudes&#34; on another passenger's space (by wrapping around the back and linking under their tray table). they may tell you it's a safety issue with the tray table, etc., even though it isn't true. then you will find yourself on a flight with a (incorrectly - it should be fine and approved on all aircraft) useless product & no way to restrain your child.  speak with your airline before flying, get to the airport early & speak with the gate agent, and alert the flight attendants immediately upon boarding that you will be using the device. better yet, print out the link (here: http://www.faa.gov/passengers/fly_children/) from the faa site that mentions this product!"
"enormous. it's practically the size of a real bathtub! my 3 year old child made a house out of the box it came in...it's that big! my baby is 6 weeks and haven't used it yet, as it's too much of a hassle as it's so big. just using sink for now!"
"the buttons keep popping off the window from time to time. it's not horrible, just a nuissance."
good for secondary car seat.  gets the job done but you can definitely tell the difference in quality compared to our $100 one.  straps are thin and floppy buckle feels kind of cheap.
this towel is so cute and made really nice. however i bought it for my 4 year old and its sadly not as big as it looks in the pictures.
"Hard to open, cheap construction"
This was pretty cool.  We used it at first but now we just use the plastic case that comes with the MAM's.  I guess it just seems cleaner.
My son doesn't take ANY pacifier. I've tried like 6 different ones. He liked this one but maybe for a minute or so and then spits it out
"the product is good. I mostly use it when I go out, but my son doesn't like it too much, It leaves a mark around his mouth"
I like these pacifiers but the design came off quickly.
worked fine but baby liked NUK pacifiers better
It's a good quality product.
"Nice product but did not work for my son. Drops it every time, can't seem to hold on to it well."
"Does a good job at holding the pacifier inside and protecting it from lint and dirt. The problem I have with this is the hanger, it does not latch or anything so I find that it frequently falls off of places that we try to hang it. For example, this will not work for hanging on a strap of a diaper bag, and it can have a difficult time staying on a car seat carrying handle."
"Did not glow.  Only after holding it under the light did it glow, and only for a few minutes.  Still love the MAMs though!"
Love that they are see through and don't have a handle my son wants to pull on but you can't really clip it to anything and the actual mouth piece is huge. My son was really thrown off by how much of the binki was touching his face
"Lovely pacifiers but my 10 month old didn't like them, so for now they are in the toy box"
Grand baby did not like them.
Very cute but it was difficult to fit to pacifiers in it.
"I bought this to keep my little 2 year old in his bed at night and it definitely works. He can see out through the netting which is a plus. However, he could unzip the zippers since they're on the inside of the tent too. So I just use a bread zip tie to hold the zippers together and wa-laa he can't get out at night. Yah!  The quality of the tent is a little flimsy. The zipper broke after 3 weeks on one side but I was able to fix it. This product has made it possible for me to sleep through the night again without worrying what he is getting into in the house, it keeps him in his crib, safely!"
"Really cute and a steal for the price but the fit is a bit odd. They are a weird width but still work fine. My daughter be looking fly, because there's a butterfly on the bottom :P"
"These were smaller than expected and the sticky on the back wasn't as strong as I would have liked. I noticed I had more leak problems with these than I did with lanisoh. I have breastfeed for 12 months and had a decent milk supply, if you do as well, I wouldn't recommend these. There are better cheaper nursing pads out there."
"While the print is adorable and on trend, I feel like the quality of this crib sheet is in par with ones I've purchased at Target for $10. For a $30+ crib sheet, I was expecting it to feel more soft than what it actually is. The black print has already started to show some wash wear/fading after two washes with Dreft on gentle cycle, low heat dry. I definitely feel like you're paying for the print and not quality. A bit of a disappointment."
good
Nice simple night light. About what you would expect for the money.
"these covers were purchased after having two of the econobum covers. we like the comfort and ease of use of the econobum covers but these no matter how you snap them, are far too tight. i think that it's due to the double gusset but it leaves marks on the babies legs. they are 4 month old twins weighing around 10 lbs. they don't have overly chunky legs either. don't like them much. they also seem like they will be far too hot for warm months. it's like a thick vinyl car seat cover. the econobum are more breathable and comfortable."
"really thin blanket, i was expecting a thicker, more plush quality blanket. found a better option at fred meyer."
"beautiful pacifiers, but the water gets into them"
"after a couple of months of my son sleeping in one of those little rock and play sleepers the back of his head started to feel a little flat.  i ordered this and we used it when he was laying on the floor or on a hard surface.  it did immediately help his flat head, so that was great.  my issue is more with the design.  the velcro is in a weird spot and not very functional.  also, the outer ring of the head pillow thing is too small.  my kid has a big head and he was only able to use this for about 2 months before he outgrew it.  so, i'm not really sure it was worth spending the money on this thing."
"the pillow is all right, but a bit small. this pillow is $20.00 is too much. to me i scale it should be on sale $10.00"
it's made my sons break out a little but the necklace itself is great looking
"update may 2015: i originally gave this product 4 stars and now i'd give it 3.5. the company has made some improvements since i last bought a bottle, but it still needs improvement.<br />my original complaint about no indicator on the dropper has been remedied (yay for a company that listens to its customers!). however, the dosage is still off. the supplement/nutrition facts says to give 0.5 ml and states that it's &#34;half a glass dropper full&#34; but it's not.. it's a quarter of the dropper full, if you're following the indicator. this makes me angry because now i realize i gave my infant 2x the recommended dosage everyday on the previous bottle i purchased since there was no indicator on that bottle. i appreciate the company updating the product, but with the dosage so unclear (and 125% of daily recommendation rather than 100%), i won't be buying this again after this bottle runs out.<br /><br />i purchased these after looking at the ingredients for a prescription our pediatrician gave me. it had dyes and tons of sugar - why would i give that to my infant?! i don't understand our food industry in this country. i looked up all natural vitamin d supplements on amazon and came across liddle ones. it's straight forward and doesn't have any of the crap in it. my only gripe is i wish it had an indicator on the dropper of how much to give your baby, and that the amount was 100% of their daily allowance, not 125% like the back currently reads. i just give my baby less than half of the dropper and hope it's enough. it'd be nice to know exactly how much i'm giving. but i do like the glass bottle and it came very securely wrapped."
"My oldest daughter loved her giraffe so for my 2nd daughter I wanted her to have a wuba nub as well.. I wanted something different from what was at our local Buy Buy Baby.. I saw so many different options I opted for the kitten. When it arrived the packagi ng was hirrible, and I quest I n if this is a real wuba nub or a knock off. Besides the fact the kitten was significantly more expensive my daughter doesn't even like it."
"My daughter is 100% breastfed. We were having trouble getting her to keep a pacifier in her mouth and decided to try these. She didn't like them. They seem like a great pacifier, but I can't recommend since she wouldn't take it. It may works for others though."
cute. no handle though.
i ordered this to use when we are not at home because my 17 month old doesn't sleep well in the play pen with the mat provided.  it fits wonderfully but i thought it might be a little softer.  i find he might as well sleep on a board.  wish it was a little softer.
"Love wannanub. Don't by the elephant, as it doesn't stay as easily. The angle feels wrong from staying in her mouth. If buying for a child with hand-eye coordination, then it would be better"
Easy to clean but my newborn has a hard time keeping it in his mouth.
ok
"They are probably fine for many babies, but mine didn't like this kind. She preferred another one with a rounder shape."
"I'm sure there are babies out there that love these, mine isn't one of them :/ (I also find the clear part to be a little creepy when my baby does suck use it)"
Colors that arrived were different than the appearance of what I thought I was purchasing.  They were blue and white instead of aqua and white.  Work just the same but would have liked to have gotten what I thought I was ordering.
"it's not my favorite wet bag. it's a bit of an awkward size and it has no handle. it's much too big to not have a handle. it just wasn't really for me, but i'll keep it to transport wet swimwear or something because it's a cute chevron print."
"this chair is fabulous if you don't have a ton of space for a standing high chair. we loved it but my child is extremely messy when eating, i got really grossed out every time i went to clean it, i always found lots of hidden food under the seat flap. it was always stained with some kind of food from hands touching the fabric. we just moved to a booster seat because i couldn't find a &#34;perfect&#34; high chair. if you don't mind cleaning and washing fabric all the time then this is a good option."
maybe it's just me but i found that while this did a good job preventing cracking and dryness it did nothing to help with pain and rawness and almost made it feel worse.
"we are happy with the mobile itself.  it was very easy to put together and was just what we needed for our little guy's room.<br /><br />however, we cannot give this item 5 stars because we feel like we were cheated.  we would call it overpriced since it came with a clearance sticker for much less than we paid!  we paid about $40 for this product on amazon.  when it arrived, the box was pretty beaten up and there was a clearance sticker on it for $6.99.  this was very disappointing."
"3 stars because it looks awesome, really fun to play with, and looks great as a desk ornament but it comes with a european plug with a standard us wall plug adapter to attach to it. the adapter keeps falling off and won't stay on. plus it's a bit faulty seeing that i got zapped by it when i plugged it in. choice is yours."
"While these are cute, they aren't as practical as I originally thought. The pacifier and animal don't come apart - so you can wash the whole thing in the machine but then you have to sanitize the pacifier by dipping it in boiling water but not getting the animal wet.  these are the kind of pacifiers hospitals use but our baby only likes the thumb shaped kind so she won't take these. She also can't sleep with soft things until later so we could only give her these when she is awake or later when she is older. I will probably cut off the pacis and use them as cute stuffed animals."
My 5 week old son did not care for these but he seems to be pretty particular about his pacifiers.
My son will only use the MAM pacifiers. I just wish he would stop biting through them. At between $4 and $7 per pack it gets pricey. The designs on these were pretty.
"The pacifiers are great, but the problem is it's impossible to know what colors you're going to get.  If you don't care AT ALL, get them.  If not, you can grab these in most grocery stores or pharmacies, Targets, etc."
"i love my ubbi-and have never tried using any bags other than the ubbi bags with it. my issue with these bags is that they tear very easily. if i let the ubbi get more than 3/4 full, the bag breaks when i take it out of the ubbi. it seems to get caught on the side of the ubbi, and tears as i pull it out of the can. that is very frustrating and quite frankly, pretty gross, because i end up with dirty diapers spilling onto the floor. yuck! i will keep buying these bags, however, because the size is perfect for the ubbi."
it's nice that it has the weighted ball but the cup tends to leak even if you use the little pressure knob thing.
my wife didn't like the leachco snoogle as much as some of the other reviews. there is a great review here about how hard the cover is to put on with the zipper. the one i got did not have a zipper. instead it is two cases and you wiggle it on from either end and it overlaps in the middle. this is probably a better design than a long zipper which i can certainly see being a pain. that said it is still kind of a pain to put on.
"i wanted to like this thing, but what a pain in the behind! i don't know if i'm using it wrong or what, but the bendy strip at the top flops around and won't stay in place so i can't get a view of my baby. i have bigger boobs and i feel like i am not covered enough. i think it has to do with the fact that i have to keep fiddling with the strip at the top so the fabric gets moved around... it is very breathable fabric though. light and flowy, but you cannot see through it at all. the pattern is nice as well"
"i cracked one of them because i didn't run warm water on it before trying to extract.  the portion size is perfect and great to know how much your baby is eating, but i wish the shape of each portion was different.  design requirements aside, i wish the frozen portions would fit into a smaller container."
i love the aden & anais products but this sleep sack is ok.
"was sent to me in the wrong color,which is not that big of a deal i guess. luckily i don't care if my son has or uses pink things,but some moms would. only used it once so far to mash an avocado-it did okay. my son prefers the creaminess that the blender makes,but he took a few bites of it this way."
its an ok buy for the price.... my britax stroller did not fit completely. i had to remove the wheels so it could fit. it did the job though.
"I like the pacifiers themselves, but the color is very light and hard to see in the dark. They blend in with the bed sheets too easily and my baby can't find them in his crib at night."
The clip tends to slip off my diaper bag strap which defeats the purpose of keeping it handy and easy to reach.
"I just received these and they were not the Gumdrop Natural scented. They are Jollypop unscented. My baby seems to be OK with them, the true test will be bedtime."
So cute
I shouldn't complain.  I did not buy this for a baby. I bought it for my kitten who insists on suckling my neck!  I tried to get him to suckle this instead by resting it on my shoulder.  No go.  When I wasn't looking one day he chewed the nipple off it.  And it's too big for him to play with.  I think there is something about the bright red color that he finds intimidating as well.  It's the only toy he won't play with.
would be nice if pacifier was replaceable
Good
Wish the pacifier detached from zebra to clean
None available.
None available.
Could not get baby to take these. My baby was able to use Nuk successfully- so I don't think its a pacifier issue with him.
"overpriced, but quality is ok."
Cute idea just paid to much.
2 stars for adorable diapers and very easy to use. they really weren't as absorbaet as i had hoped.. the microfiber is a little bit of a pain. i did all of the prep work and they still didn't work well for me...i hope you have better luck if you decide to go with these.
as a first time mother i didn't know what is a good carrier but i found this brand at the local store and decide to order it online since they have the nicer color. i rarely used it since it doesn't seem to support the baby wight too well. i could only have my baby in this for a short period as my back and shoulders would hurt. look wise it looks great but not really the best to carry baby around for long period of time.
"I am not sure what happened on this order exactly.  ordered the 6-18 months pacifier.  I have others that are for that age range, mostly MAM, so it may be a brand difference, but the nipple was much smaller, and my two year old had difficulty holding suction."
"the fist few times we used these they worked great; however, after washing 2-3 by hand the suction stopped working.  they aren't good for the microwave so we just use them for cold stuff and hold the bowls ourselves.  also, i wish there were lids for at least one of the bigger bowls but it's just the smallest one.  overall it's an o.k. product."
"kind of small and a little chintzy for the price...i expected a plush oversized bib, it was not"
"purchased this thinking it would have elastic around the bottom like a regular fitted sheet to fit around a mattress so i could use it on a mattress made for the pack n play, instead of just the padded hard board the pack n play comes with. but it has square corners with no elastic, just sewn like an envelope with no give at all. if this was described somewhere i missed it, unfortunately. glad i only bought one instead of 2 like i was planning. if you're using it for the board the pack n play comes with then it's perfect. i have since purchased garanimals brand pack n play sized sheets that are fitted and work much better. and they were 2 for the same price as this one graco sheet."
This is great for the baby because it helps keep pacifier in his mouth. Unfortunately my baby never took to this shape pacifiers and prefers the more classic style like the MAM brand. I wish you could attach the pacifier of your choice instead of having to use these. I still give my baby to hold sometimes and he plays with it. Love the longhorn...we live in Texas so it's very fitting.
"Baby didn't like it...I Like that it's a whole piece made from silicon, but the underside of the nipple is hollow, so must be mindful to wash it ( thoroughly)"
"it's a nice piece, warm and easy to use.<br /><br />however be aware -<br /><br />1) if you do not use a car seat base, and need to put a seatbelt through it, it becomes a bit of a hassle - the cozy cover tends to pop off the when threading the seatbelt. (regular bundle me works better for that)<br /><br />2) if it's a graco carseat snapped into a graco snap n go, you can't get the cover on while the seat is snapped in - has to be taken out first<br /><br />3) with a newborn - the baby's head sits lower than the opening, and you need to open the zippers. the zipper corners may poke the baby's eyes - they should have made the zippers curve outwards not inwards<br /><br />4) safety alert - with other kids in the backseat, it's too easy for them to put the flap down, covering the baby's face altogether"
the straws work great but break very easily.
ok in a pinch - tends to swing either too fast or not at all.
"loose fitting and not quite as warm as i imagined, but cute and soft"
ok to buy
"these do the job, but are pretty thin and aren't anything to write home about in the softness/comfort department. i'm glad i have an extra sheet, but i think i would have preferred to have gotten a padded sheet now that i see how this compares after having been washed."
somehow water still gets in her eyes every now and then no matter how careful i am... still it is way easier than the ones that go completely on the child's head - my toddler won't ever leave those on - so it is still better for us than others we have tried.
"it doesn't hold a lot of liquid, but it does do a nice job even after they are potty trained to keep the bottom of the car seats clean from them spilling drinks and food on themselves."
"they do glow in the dark, which is nice, but it is a soft glow.  since it is a soft glow, if the glowing portion of it is facing the crib mattress you still can't find the pacifier.  not worth purchasing if you want it because it glows."
Very cute.
My son didn't like these one very much.
"These were not as pliable as the pacifiers that my infant son had been using prior to the purchase.  He's 5 months old, and doesn't like using them."
"I don't know what the big deal is about these.  They were fine when I first popped them in my kiddo's mouth.  However, my little one frequently twisted it to the side despite the curved fit and it would then block his nose.  I think the Soothies are a much better design."
these were not the same as pictured. I got the green ones. They are the best pacifiers but sad about the color.
"Cute little pouch holds one clean Soothie-style pacifier, but I don't know how you'd clean it if you put a dirty one in.  I'm tempted to go to a Ziploc bag instead."
"Great product, my baby loves it.  We got this because every time she stopped sucking on the regular pacifiers they would fall on the floor, this one just rest on her chest instead when she stops. She is just under 4 months and has have two of these for about 2 months.  We feel that it has helped with her hand control.<br />The only reason I gave this product three stars is because our baby has been known to chew on the legs (she doesn't have teeth yet) and the other night one of the legs broke open and little beads came out.  Lucky it was when I was holding it and she did not have it, and did not swallow any.  We still love these, but we squeeze the legs to check for loose stitching before giving them to her."
My baby does not want pacifiers. So this one sje won't accept anymore. But the quality is great and love that it's just one piece
"Packaging in the clear box was not included. This wubbanub came loose in a plastic bag. Not nice presentation for a baby gift. Product is great, though. Babies can hold on, also easy to clean."
adorable
"No problem child didn't like it, kind of an expensive test"
good
"i loved the smaller version so much, we purchased the same one in a larger model.  this one is flimsy, and the puppy can bend it just by running into it.  my husband i spend a lot of time adjusting it.  that being said, it does work for a larger space, i just wish it was sturdier.  after three months of continuous use, i think i should have gotten a different one."
"there are lots of pockets which is great but, there were no stroller connector."
i'd give this 5 stars if it worked because it's a beautiful and wonderfully made necklace and delivered quickly. it arrived and i was eager to use it for my teething baby as i finally broke down and believed the mom's who said it is a miracle for a teething baby. i did not see any less drooling as other moms said and my baby did not do any less crying with or without it. they said give it time to work.. but i figure if it's on long enough she will eventually have good days. i love the necklace but it's not a miracle cure for my baby.
smaller than i thought it would be... need to change bags often. good odor control until you change bags (of course).
it was easy enough to put together wasn't as hard as some claim it to be. but the movement part didn't roll very well though. we just removed the walker part after he started standing and then removed the top and laid it on the floor. my boy beat the crap out it and the we gave it to another young couple for there new born. only used it for like 4-5 months.
cheaply made - peeling particle board and falling apart after 2 years. i suppose this is the life expectancy of a diaper changing table.
Product seems like it is poor quality as the mustache feels like clay and could break very easily.  It is a novelty item so don't expect a great pacifier. I got the picture I wanted though so task complete.
"it's too bulky, not exactly what i hoped for. but, i'm sure it is exactly as described in the ad."
i love the idea of these spoons but twice i've received spoons that are chipped which isn't safe for baby to eat with.
good for the money...
it's okay
"for the price, this pack n play playard works. the main problem is that the bassinet boards sag so if you place the baby in length wise, the baby's head (or bum) is raise a bit. the boards width wise, so from the side the board looks like a &#34;w&#34; (not that extreme but sort of.) if you place the baby width wise, it works fine as the baby is only on one board. however, lengthwise is better so baby can look out the mesh at parents.<br /><br />it cleans decently well.<br /><br />we also have a chicco play yard that costs twice as much, but doesn't sag."
"very cute and sturdy. but with my toddler who runs around non-stop, it's difficult to maneuver the harness, it gets wrapped around him or me."
"the ones we got when this was a lightning deal, definitely from this item page, do not have the handle part protruding from the shield. they have the same design on them, but the front that doesn't go into our baby's mouth is flat with a few holes cut out.<br /><br />just feels misleading to get a different product than what's pictured, especially since it's useful to have a handle. that's why many pacifiers have one and why the original design had one. the case feels cheap too, and i'm not sure it's actually bpa-free like the pacifiers are promised to be. wouldn't want that leaching. i will update this review if the company promises all cases ever produced for this item have been bpa-free as well.<br /><br />fortunately our baby seems to like them. after being weirded out on the first try, 10 minutes later she was asleep with one of them. that said, the unexplained difference from the product images and low-quality-looking case are enough to deduct two stars."
"the microsuede liner is the nicest of any stay dry liner i've used but the flap to stuff these is in an odd location and likes to flip up after its stuffed, i haven't had any poo go inside the liner but i can see that it easily could. they also don't feel like they should cost as much as they do. honestly i'd put them at just a nudge above alvababy, your still getting just microfiber inserts afterall."
It ok not what I want don't willy glow in the dark but thank you
"very thin, but large enough. other way the material is good but wouldn't buy again because of the thickness"
"i thought the board is should be more bigger, but it wasn't. well my little baby was so happy the board."
it just floats on top of the water. i was looking for one that would swim underwater.
good product i just wish my son liked to be carrying in it more often.
"The pacifier itself is fine.  I have other versions of this pacifier and bought this &#34;nighttime&#34; version specifically for its glow in the dark feature.  This line of Avent pacifier is pretty light with mostly clear plastic.  Therefore, when you are looking for it in the middle of the night to give it to the baby, it's almost impossible to find it, unless you turn on the lights.  I thought the glow in the dark handle was a great idea and would eliminate the night issue.  Unfortunately, it only glows in the dark for a few minutes after turning the light off.  This defeats the purpose of why I bought the &#34;nighttime&#34; version."
"overall good one. one major problem is that the screw on the bottom came off within few rides. we bought screws from home depot and fixed it. however, it did not last more than couple of trips. we changed the screw few times, and every time it falls off pretty soon."
"nice seat, but the straps are too small so i can't buckle my son in.  this was disappointing because one of the reasons i got the chair was because my son is large for his age and too big for the other floor seats like bumpo. i like that you can use as an infant and  booster seat and the tray tucks away nicely."
"i needed an affordable seat with a high weight limit for my toddler who i am keeping rear-facing. this seat fits the bill and is cute. the seat is very large but it's super simple to install and fits fine in my van's second row bucket seat (don't hate, i have 3 booster seats in the back bench!)<br /><br />this seat, however, can't be very comfortable. it has zero padding, no styrofoam on the seat and no padding in the cover. it's great for short trips or as an extra seat but i'll likely replace it soon with a more comfortable model for longer trips."
Three stars for cute factor only and decently made. It's basically useless otherwise. Wouldn't stay in babies mouth and she didnt care for it much. She loves soothies but the animal pulled it out of her mouth non stop and she never really got how to push it back in.
looks fine once assembled. putting it together was a struggle. the lock system did not work well. would've been easier to just use screws.
"liked it while i had it, but the latch opened and fell off one day somewhere in public.  never saw it again."
my 3 year old can open the gate most of the time.
"these are okay, but they do sink which isn't as much fun for my daughter to play with.  they are easy for her to hold onto, and well made however."
"my son fits in it perfectly but its too short for him, i feel like when he touches the ground he'll outgrow the seat"
it's a little smaller than i expected.  my baby is 14 pounds and it's pretty tight in the shoulders.  much more than the regular cotton woombie.
"for an inexpensive bowl and spoon set, they get the job done.  the bowls are very lightweight and the perfect size for small appetites.  my 2.5-year-old loves choosing which color she wants to use, and i feed my 8-month-old from these as well.  we bought them for using during travel, so i do like that they nest and are so lightweight.  the spoons handles are easy to grip for my toddler as she feeds herself, and for my husband and me as we feed the baby.  the shape of the end of the spoon that holds food is nice--it's not too shallow, so i can serve thin purees or soups, and it's not so deep that my kids can't get their food out of the bottom.  the one drawback about the spoons is that the end that holds the food has melted on three of them!  the only thing we can figure is that the water in the dishwasher gets too hot.  we can't come up with any other option, but our water heater isn't even set very high, so it is surprising to us.  we have tossed the three spoons with the melted tips."
nice.... but better (and cheaper) to buy pacifiers with its own cover
"I only like the clear ones, because they're the least obvious, but the colored ones make him look like he's got a giant red thing or blue thing in his mouth. kind of a dumb look."
Really cute binkey! However my daughter only used it for about a week after birth and then would spit it out. Ended up loving the MAMs pacifier instead.
"These were recommended to me by a few friends of mine, and since my daughter didn't take any pacifiers, I was hoping she would take these. However, she didn't and these are just laying around. Hopefully will be different for your little one but didn't work for us. She ended up loving the MAMs pacifiers instead."
works great. the visability.goes from clear with color to a little fuzzy and black and white but all and all we are able to see and hear and that's what we got it for.  good buy for the cost.
It's really cute but the lips are a bright red and I was kind of weirded out because when I opened the packaging it was mailed in the pacifier wasn't in its own wrapping.... Was just kind of bizarre
"I am a little disappointed in this cute puppy Wubbanub. It is a dirty gray color, not at all appealing to look at. It looks as if it's been on the floor and dirtied up.<br />The Wubbanub concept is very good though. I'd recommend a different one though."
"The shape and brand and texture are the same as the one I received from the hospital, but the color to this one is a slightly lighter orange (more translucent) than the one I received at the hospital. I gave it three stars because for some reason my daughter can tell the difference between these and the one from the hospital. I put this one in her mouth and she makes a face and spits it out. And yes i did wash it before i used it. She prefers the one from hospital one. I can't figure out why because they seem the same to me."
I thought these worked really well until I tried some different brands. It turns out my daughter spit these out a lot easier than the others.
"Larger than the others we have had, but still a fabulous idea! Easy to wash in the washing machine in mesh bag and let air dry. My daughter is obsessed!"
I love this item and think its so cute for babies! Only thing I can complain about is that I ordered (brown2) but got (brown1)! It is just as cute but I feel that If you order something you should get just what you ordered.
Works great but the only issue is that it is a little hard to open.
"worked well with my baby, only downside is that it would frequently become loose while feeding. but with this i was able to breastfeed my baby."
"do not buy it if you are using the natural bottles, coz it can not hold 4 natural bottles and their nipples at the same time. i have to do twice every time!"
"good coverage in the front for little boys, but this does not stay positioned on the seat.  the suction cups do not work."
"this basket does what it says, but if you use wide neck bottles and nipples, then this product is useless. i use both wide neck and normal and can only put my normal bottles in the dish washer. i wish i had known before purchasing. it has held up well in the dishwasher and am happy at the durability."
My son likes these but it is pretty un-smart that they are clear. Can never find them!
"My daughter hates these, she won't even use them.  Always prefers her original soothie pacifiers."
"I wanted to like it, but my 4-5month old usually ends up accidently pulling out the pacifier by pulling on the stuffed animal.  I spend more time giving him back this pacifier then the standard pacifier.  I also wish there was a way to do a quick sterilization, can't put the wubbanub in a microsteam bag."
Unfortunately this amazing pacifier collected some mold after constant use by my 5 month old. I am purchasing another one because of all the compliments and photo opportunities. Do not submerge in water.
This is a good brand but my newborn doesn't enjoy it very much. I think it's too big for him
"It works many times, but I would've liked it to be transferable to other pacifiers."
it's ok
"good camera for day time use ( don't know if more expensive camera would work better?)black and white  night time picture is not good, camera is monitoring my driveway , but sound is good"
"i am new to cloth diapering. i read the reviews and decided to give these a try. they are definitely better than the microfiber ones that i started out with. after ten washes they seem to be quite absorbent. i like the gray color because they don't show stains.<br /><br />cons: they are a bit bulky for my 12 lb 2 month old but i figure as she grows they will fit more appropriately. after about the 4th or 5th wash the sewing on the the inside started pulling out on 4 of my diapers. i sewed it back up with no problems but someone without a sewing machine may have a harder time. i read some reviews that these don't smell and babies don't get rashes with them and i disagree. my baby is bf only and i put them in the bag dry then soak them a little before i wash them on hot and dry them on low and they still have an odd smell to them. even after i hang them outside. i don't like it and i don't know what i am doing wrong. so if someone could please enlighten me, i would be deeply grateful.<br /><br />bottom line: good for the price, but i would probably have tried something different had i known about these things."
good
good
good
"love the idea of making my own purees and reusing pouches! these are very sturdy and freeze well. however, they are a major pain to clean. food gets stuck in the crevices at the bottom and is impossible to get out. when i emailed the company they suggested using a butter knife, even that was time consuming and not perfect. great idea, but the design could use some tweaking to eliminate the hard to clean crevices."
NICE BUT MY CHILD DID NOT LIKE IT
Cant really say much since my daughter didnt like them..
Nice but very small
"I've been trying since birth to get my now 2 month old to take a pacifier. I'm not sure if she has a smaller mouth or just doesn't latch properly, but every time she does latch on and attempts to suckle she gags. I've heard many great reviews of these pacifiers and they seem closer to the real thing than most, but they're still just a little too big for my little one. Maybe a smaller mold for newborns?"
Nothing wrong with the pacifiers it's just that my baby didn't like them. He ended up liking a different kind.
lost it the first week b/c the snap closure isn't strong  enough to stay attached if your diaper bag gets caught on anything. i bought the ju ju be one with a clip so this doesn't happen again
Had a hole in it where a tag would be when I received it. Very cute though!
not perfect but works well enough.  gotta make sure you got the right size it does flop off if your not careful.
"This is the most beautiful Pacifier, God bless Lamb, My niece love it!"
"We loved the colors, and the bunny itself, but the pacifier part is harder for my daughter to put in her mouth then her others.  It isn't attached the same way as her kitty, it droops down, instead of out toward babies mouth. She just chews on rabbit more."
Good pacifier but doesn't lie flat which helps it stay in the babies mouth. The puppy version of this doesn't roll off her chest as easily which is nice since she can't hold onto it by herself yet.
Baby didn't love.
"feel is very good, but baby don't like."
"It arrived on time, item not as cute as I hoped."
"My baby isn't really into the paci and prefers to stick with the soothie at the times he is willing to take it. These are cute, but you do have to squeeze the water out of them when you wash them."
"The pacifier is NOT REMOVABLE, which makes washing this an absolute pain.  I took it out and sewed up the elephant's trunk to use as a simple plush toy."
"Would be better if you could swap out the Paci it's self. Not sure how it fits in baby's mouth, the animal sits upside down when in his mouth the way it lays. But very cute when he hugs it when he actually takes it. He's not a big Paci fan."
Our little girl could not keep these in her mouth.  They feel nice but didn't work for us.
Nice but my son does not feel comfortable when having it and keeps throwing it.
The hook comes off very easily. Wish it has a more secure fit.
"In theory, a great idea.. in practice, the glow was bright enough to keep my baby awake -- you try falling asleep with a nightlight in your mouth! -- and I'd catch him pulling it out to look at it instead of going to sleep."
Seemed a little dingy.  I have ordered the giraffe as gifts several times.  Liked that one better.
we have the older version of this one and it's a much better version. i ordered this one end of june and the wood split and it's no longer useable. the bad thing about this one is it's so easy to undo my 2 year old son could reach over the gate and undo the latch.
"could be designed better. does the job, but keeps falling off."
"expected the switch to be close to the light, but it's one of the older style turn switches on the cable going to the wall. inconvenient but nice lamp shade."
"We love giraffe and wanted the baby to love this, but she would love it better if the pacifier was detachable.  She uses Nuk pacifiers and doesn't like the kind that comes on this toy.  Found another toy at Target that allows you to put whatever pacifier on it you want, love that better!"
"these straps won't work on your t.v. unless you have the original stand. our stand disappeared when we had out t.v. mounted to the wall. when we moved and decided to put t.v. on a table we bought a universal t.v. stand which uses the holes on back of t.v. for attachment. now there aren't enough holes to screw in the safety straps. wish i'd realized that before i ordered. now i'll have to return. even if that hadn't been the problem,we still would have run into issues because the spot we want the t.v. table in our living room unfortunately doesn't have any studs in the wall behind it. it's pointless to attach the straps to the wall for security unless you screw them into studs. with the weight of our 47 in. flat screen it would rip out of the wall easily. otherwise, i'm sure these straps would have been a great idea so i gave them 3 stars. just be sure to check out your t.v. situation prior to ordering."
"Neither of my twins liked it, but I think that's just their preference"
cute!
cute and cuddly but much smaller than expected
"soft, but my son wasn't that interested. hair and lint magnet though!"
"good for on the go, or to keep an extra."
It's not a zipper and I can probably fit 2 diapers in it tops. It's ok- not my favorite.
"Let me say first, shipping and such was amazing. I ordered these on a Friday night and received them on a Sunday! I don't know if anyone else ever received mail on a Sunday from the USPS but it was a first for me and it was amazing to get it so quickly. Now the product; exactly what I expected to receive. I had read that babies that like the soothie but have trouble holding onto it like this pacifier, so I ordered it along with some of the latex nuk (the silicone are all I have in my area and my son hates them, my older son used latex and I read the latex is softer, so here we are ) well I sterilized them and then tried to use it, but the difference between these and the soothie is a slight bulb at the end where the soothie is more straight (maybe this is why it's easier to hold on to?). The bulb at the end seems to be slightly large for my sons mouth, he had trouble trying to get it in his mouth. So those were out. Maybe he'll like them when he's a little older ( my son was 6 weeks when we tried these). I would suggest buying these and the regular latex nuk pacifiers and see which they prefer. As a side note, I breastfeed as well as almost all of my friends and we all use pacifiers without any nope confusion, maybe it can cause it but i have never seen it, so if you're breastfeeding but don't agree with the breastfeeding nazis that you should be a pacifier as well as a bottle give the pacifiers a try because i think the risk must be minimal of nipple confusion."
very helpful...
"oh, i fell in love with the bag when it arrived! perfect for my needs. my husband is severely handicapped and this is perfectfor my needs, and discrete, yet classic looking! however, after 5 days of use the zipper pull on the clutch broke off. it's made with plastic! it's the piece that holds the pull to the zipper drive. tiny piece made to look like metal and it's plastic. so after less than a week i'm disappointed considering the cost! i plan to replace the bag this week. i hope the other zippers aren't made the same way on the rest of the bag."
These seem okay. They hold 2-3 diapers without issue and keep the smell in. I do wish I had spent the extra and purchased a bag with a zipper instead of drawstring.
"Too heavy--my baby can't keep it in his mouth, even at 5+ months old."
"a great concept, a portable highchair!  as the chair sits now it is about$15-$20 to expensive.  if ciao! baby could fix the flaw of the food tray sagging in the middle, thus food ends up in your child's lap even faster, then the current retail price would be fine.  minus the tray table flaw the design and quality is good."
these work very well but the waist goes up to my daughters belly button and she gets embarrassed that it shows you can kind of roll it to tuck in pants but it makes it bulky which it already is but hey it works
"cute pattern, but pretty coarse fabirc even with fabric softener (which isn't really recommended with babies).  i'll stick with jersey.  otherwise, it fits perfectly and washes well.  wrinkly if you're not quick after the dryer or willing/handy with an iron."
"My daughter likes the tommee tippee pacifiers, and as a product I think they are just fine. I gave these three stars because the glow in dark feature is not so great. I don't know what I was expecting."
kind of ok. but not so great
very cute but they peel off easily and my toddler thinks they are stickers and meant to be pulled off the wall.
I WAS EXPECTING THIS PACI TO HAVE MORE SPARKLES IN IT.  IT DOESNT.  I WAS DISAPPOINTED.  TOO MUCH FOR A PLAIN PACI.  MORE GLITTER PLEASE  ;(
"decent. it's kind of a flimsy toy, the plastic isn't that thick and the layers come apart easy. it's ok. my 7 month old isn't really interested in it yet, i'm hopeful we'll get at least some use out of it."
easy enough to assemble and reasonably good materials but just not very useful. found it easier to push with feet on the floor and grippy sandpaper pieces felt weird on feet even when wearing socks. ended up giving it away within a month of purchase.
"It's adorable, but man, the white lamb looks dingy pretty fast when a baby is carrying it around everywhere."
My wife didn't like them. I thought she looked hot with it in her mouth. The nipple part turned white not long after it was used once.
was a gift to my daughter.  assumed it was okay.
for the money and the handle design its not bad. i got this for my new grand daughter and it seems to suit her just fine
"these were my first experience with all-in-one cloth diapering.<br /><br />pros:<br />- easy to use, simply snap on and go<br />- pocket for extra padding is easy to use and works well for overnight<br />- not super-bulky, fit good under onesies<br /><br />cons:<br />- the terry layer caused a painful rub rash on my baby's skin<br />- the absorbent material extends to the edges so heavy wets can seep out, even with extra stuffing<br />- poo doesn't always wash out of the seams, and they seem to stain easily<br /><br />the price is good but i'll be trying a different brand of all-in-one when i order again."
"it's small for my car window, but ok. still lots if sun comes through. i live in texes so it's very hot n sunny. for its price this is ok."
We bought this hoping it would help keep the pacifier in our newborn's mouth. It didn't work very well at first because it wasn't heavy enough to stay on baby's chest when he wiggles (all the time!) but is heavy enough to pull the pacifier out of his mouth when it falls off his chest. But at 7-weeks old he's now able to control his head movement more and is at least able to turn back to the pacifier. Hopefully soon he'll be able to snuggle with it like other buyers describe & it will be even better. He does like the shape of the nipple though.
None available.
They don't send you the colors pictured. I have a girl and I got boy pacifiers. Love the NUK design though.
"Strong rubber smell, somewhat of a rubber flavor.  Baby will use it but not his favorite."
"great gate, but i wish there was a way to attach it to the wall without screwing it in.  i've got mine in a doorway with wood frames and i hate the idea of screwing into the wood.  i feel like it would be very easy to make rubber feet that can be attached to the wall with pressure screws instead."
"i actually really like it, love having this on the toilet rather than having a separate little toilet to clean. but the front part sometimes hurt my little girl if she sat down to fast and misjudged the seat. and i didn't like the pee ring between it and the adult seat. :p"
"Feels more on plastic side. I'm only using it for extra clothes, since no zipper I wouldn't use it as wet bag"
"nice material and colors. it conveniently has its own ink pad. however, it doesn't have a back hook to hang on a wall."
did not stay on skin more than a few hours.  i preferred the id bracelets.
"it gets the job done, but after only a month or so of regular use it is leaking. i would spend a little extra to find something better, but i have not been able to find one that is any higher quality."
very cute and the perfect size but it is starting to show scuff marks on the design already and the owl feels almost like an iron on decal
"i bought this high chair to use for my grandson and there are many things i really like about it. the pros are the tray liner, the ease of getting him in and out of the chair and he seems very comfortable in it. the cons are it is a pain to clean the chair itself. food gets trapped under the seat pad, which needs to be lifted and cleaned under after every use. i have resorted to taking it out to the deck and thoroughly hosing it down to get the seat and straps clean about once a week."
"great idea, but not so easy to clean.  i've tried the dishwasher, and all 4 had food trapped in creases.  my kids love them, but my 15 mo old would just squeeze it all over the floor.  not sure the reason it happens with these but not the apple sauce ones from the grocery store...maybe becuase the spout is on an angle at side vs being at the top.  i'll still keep them and hand wash them, but not totally happy.  i have always made the effort to make my kids baby food, so i really wanted to love these - they're just ok."
"I must have gotten a hard mode baby. She never took to a bottle, never took to a sleeping aide, never took to a pacifier. I guess it means I never have to wean her off in the future.<br /><br />This pacifier, she actually tried and maybe enjoyed once or twice. It saved me once during a crying spell in the car seat, which she hates. She calmed down and passed out. I like being able to hand it to her like it's a stuffed animal. It's cute and easy to hold. I just wish she liked it better."
"My 10 week old love it and the bunny gives her something to hold onto.  However after owning it for a few days a string on the belly of bunny started to come loose.  I believe this is the thread they tie after stuffing it.  I know at some point the stuffing will be coming out, sooner than I expected.  She loves it too much to take away and wait for a new one."
"The product itself seems fine.  It was one of several different types of pacifiers I bought for my son, who is now 12-weeks. It just so happens that he prefers the Mam instead!"
A nice way to keep track of pacifier.
my baby didn't like it all. He stopped using the pacifier now. So i guess thats good. i like the design but the protective cover was annoying bc it shuts so fast and all the time.
"I didn't realize the difference between the 0-3 month and 3 month+ pacifiers.  They looked the same to me!  Then, when I came out of my sleep deprived stupor, I figured out why my daughter wouldn't take it.  The plastic is much harder on these, and it pops right out of her mouth.  Even now, at 5 months old she won't take it, or just chews on it like a teething toy. It was a waste of money for us. I don't see a real reason to switch from the infant ones that they gave us in the hospital. I just thought the pink was cuter than the green pacifiers.  Ohwell!  Lesson learned as a FTM. :)"
doesnt work for my kids loose poops. maybe a tighter weave would work better. i dont know. i wont buy them again.
"As it turns out, my baby is not a fan of these pacifiers at all, but this is a good value."
"We've had about 9 different Wubbanub pacifiers for 3 different babies.  The thread nose of this bunny started to unravel within one day.  It was one super long, thick, hazardous string.  I took a seam ripper to it and removed all of the pink nose thread immediately.  The bunny looks a little bit goofy without the nose, but it is safe and still pretty cute.  I give it 3 stars because the loose thread is dangerous, but now my daughter does love it more than other wubbanubs that are less brightly colored."
I loved the style but my son did not.  We had to back to the classic ones.
"Looked funny, but my baby does not like it"
None available.
"when we installed these to our table with the double sided tape that was provided, my 9 month old daughter had them all torn off in a matter of minutes"
"the shape is great for my ebf baby who won't take any other bottle but the slow flow is still too fast. i can turn it upside down and it will drip. bf babies don't want the milk to just pour out, they need to be able to control the flow. really wish there was a slower flow, would give it 5 stars then."
"fits the pail perfectly. however, i use it by itself and i notice the outside gets moist when it is full of dirty cloth diapers. i have to keep it on a towel so it doesn't get on my carpet."
"Waste of money, but funny. Good for a gift maybe. My mom bought it for my new baby bc she thought it was funny. I wouldnt spend $9 on it myself though."
"good quality fabric. the graphic printed on the outfit is good, just like in the image shown. the sleeves and legs are too short though, about an inch too short. the shipping took really long."
"cute but the material is a little scratchy, im keeping it because i like the owl motif and my daughter seems to like the little toys attached. easy to clean, just detach the toys and throw in the washer on gentle!"
"my baby will teeth on these every now and then, but normally she grabs them because they are something new in her sight, she will put them in her mouth and then put them back on the floor to reach for something else.  she is 7 months old now"
"i really loved these sheets. the designs are super cute, the price is right, and it's good quality. but that was when my son used to sleep on his back in his magic merlin suit. see, he has eczema on his face and started sleeping on his tummy in his sleep sack and was drooling big time. the muslin fabric is way too scratchy so he would drool on the sheets, then rub his cheeks against the muslin and wake up all red-faced and scratched up. i have since switched to kate quinn's organic sheets which are super expensive but so worth it. i highly recommend her crib sheets if you're in the market for something just as cute, durable and soft. since switching, my son's face looks a million times better after he has slept with his cheeks pressed into his drool-stained sheets :)"
"the actual seat is great, my baby is secure and he's supported when he needs it (5 months old). i love the lock on tray with secure leg post. the unit is very adjustable.  the problem is the breaks are virtually useless, even when locked the unit moves all over which makes putting him in and taking him out dangerous. i have to stand on it with one foot to keep it still while maneuvering a wiggling baby. it is also incredibly difficult to steer when moving him about the kitchen or dining area."
"my 8 month old daughter really enjoys this toy. this is deffenitly not a &#34;brush&#34; as in a &#34;toothbrush&#34;, but works more as a teether. she likes carrying it around because it is gummy and has textures. younger infants would really enjoy this. just be careful not to drop it on the carpet because it does collect all types of hair & dirt. we have to rinse it a lot because of the gumminess of it."
"positives:<br /><br />1.  stylish (at least for us, matches the colors of our decor)<br />2.  easy to wipe down/clean<br />3.  easy to adjust/operate<br />4.  has wheels, so its easy to move<br />5.  feels solid (high quality materials)<br /><br />negatives:<br /><br />1.  straps, although easy to clean, are very bulky and cumbersome. the shoulder straps and waist straps are of the same piece, with no way to remove the shoulder straps as your baby gets older. our son seemed to find them uncomfortable.<br />2.  crotch bar (the blue piece that helps keep kids from slipping under the tray) is wasy to big/bulky.  our son is 21 months old, and 30 lbs. and won't be able to use this chair much longer due to limited space.  **this piece is not removable or adjustable.<br />3.  unstable when folded, even with the caster wheels locked, when folded near flat for storage the chair wants to tip over.  it must be leaned against a wall, or tucked into a corner/closet if you want to fold it up.  we just keep ours setup because we have the space.<br /><br />it it had not been for the annoying straps, and bulky crotch bar (other high chairs have a crotch strap that attaches to the waist straps (like most strollers), and would be easier to adjust, i would have given this chair 4-5 stars.  the shoulder straps were such a pain, that i ended up taking off all of the straps (since the shoulder straps are molded with the left/right waist straps, it is one piece and can not be removed unless you cut them off.) and attaching/rigging a more conventional waist strap when our son was older.  the chair has proven to be very sturdy, and easy to clean.  it has several height and sitting angle adjustments, but we have never used any other than the tallest height/most vertical sitting position."
"i was looking for a gender neutral bag that my husband and i could both carry (something plain colored that didn't scream baby girl).  after it arrived i decided it's too manly.  my husband even said it looks like a tool bag.  i think it looks appropriate for a tactical mission of some sort.  the looks aside, its very well made and sturdy.  it is also quite heavy - when empty!  perhaps if a dad were going to be the only one carrying it, it would be fine, but it's just too utilitarian for me.  back it goes!"
"this tummy time mat is very cute and colorful; however, the sun on mine has never worked correctly. my husband disassembled it and saw a wire was cut. he fixed that, but the sun only does a little jingle right after you turn it on. no baby can do anything to activate the sun. i wanted to love it, but i think i got a lemon. my son likes the colors and stares at the items, but at two months, he still doesn't pay any attention to the mirror."
very light weight plastic cross. the product is not bad and the design is pretty. its just not worth the price.
"I wanted to love this because it is so adorable and it's the type of pacifier that we use.  It's supposed to help the baby keep the pacifier in their mouth, but I think it actually makes the paci fall out more.  I also don't like the cleaning instructions.  I'm not comfortable throwing it in the washer and hand-washing anything when you have children is a pain in the butt.  I give it 3 stars for being cute, but I will just keep using the regular pacifier."
cute but nemo sinks
this did not come as pictured.  the beads are a continuous set on an elastic band (with the knot hidden in one of the beads). i liked the photograph and it needs to be updated in the listing because the 7 beads on a ribbon (what is pictured) is not what you get.  i would have preferred the ribbons. my daughter still likes to chew on the beads so i decided to keep it for that reason. the colour is accurate and i like that. the bracelet is comfortable to wear and i like that. just disappointed in the image discrepancy of the materials/make of the bracelet.
"with the exception of one tiny detail, these pops are perfect. great size, easy to hold onto for little hands, a good amount of pop for a kiddo. however, the molds fit together awkwardly. it makes them sturdy, but in order to take them apart, you have to twist up on one side and down on the other. (and you have to separate the 4 of them if you want to remove one pop, since you have to run it under hot water.) they connect by 3 little nubs- so 12 total, and i have already lost 3 of them breaking off and cracked one of the sides as well. eventually they will all probably break off and then because of the shape of these pops, i won't be able to make them anymore. if the mold was better they'd get 5 stars."
"fun for baby, but didn't stick to highchair tray at all."
"these are cute pacifiers which do work as advertised, however think twice before getting one of these for a baby that likes to constantly take his/her pacifier in and out of her mouth because once it closes you will need to open it for him/her."
"Love the design, but it never worked for my baby.  So far NUK is the best paci for us.( both my babies love them)"
They barely glow and need lots of light to charge the glow. That was pretty much expected.<br />Neon yellow would be a better solution for helping find them in the middle of the night.
"This worked alright to give our infant some medicine for thrush and her probiotics but if you didn't use it just right it would leak all over, which is not fun with sticky meds or limited prescription meds. It was the best way we found after trying several syringes, medicine cups, and dropper style dispensers, but still not perfect. It also was a little big for our 4-7 week old."
My LO will use them for a minute and they'll fall out. She didn't like them that much and she prefers the Avent ones.
"We have yet to try them because the baby is not here yet, but so far they seem to be the easiest to handle and sterilize.  Update 2/28/2015: Our baby ended up not liking this brand very much. I think it's the stiffness of the outer part together with the handle which is a little heavy that made her prefer other pacifiers. We did not really have other problems with them, but if I were to turn back the time, I would probably be more careful when buying."
They are different than the newborn version and baby can definitely tell. Baby stopped taking any paci once we offered these to him (at 3 months). They are a thicker material and it seemed like he had a harder time keeping it in his mouth. He wasn't upset -- just lost interest -- for him it was an easy way to wean him from the paci.
"We love the pacifier, BUT the baby does not like it!!! It would be helpful to have a choice of silicone or latex and the shape of the mouth piece as well. My kids are pretty picky about their pacifiers."
"we used this on a vacation where it was sunny. the shade does its job and the clamp has an adjustable grip, which is nice. the problems we encountered were that the shade flops around in the wind and the flexible arm has a tendency to fall out of position unless you have an ideal situation. we worked around the arm problems by bending and twisting it in different ways. (there was also the issue that my baby was enamored by the shade and would grab it whenever it was in reach.) overall, i'd recommend it as a shading resource but if you have a stroller with a good hood on it, that would work best."
"I've owned several of these and while you'll get loads of compliments from bemused strangers at the grocery store, these absolutely will break after a month or so of use.  They always snap in the same place first: top left (if you're looking at the paci face-on) handle &#34;corner.&#34;  Sharp edge makes it a risk for babies and useless on a pacifier strap.  Then the top right corner of the handle will snap and you'll have no handle left.  Happens each and every time, just during general/daily use (i.e. it's not like we stepped on the thing).  Bummer."
"I bought this adorable bear to help combat the kamikaze pacifiers I give my 6 month old son and for the most part it works great. It is easy to attach the pacifier and although it will only attach to pacifiers with a handle it will attach to most. My Son cuddles this bear and looks for pacifier on the end. The only problem is that for his age and dexterity the weight of the bear pulls the pacifier out of his mouth. So, I believe it will work better when he is a bit older.<br /><br />Pros<br />- Easy to clean<br />- Easy to attach<br />- Crafted well<br />- Eyes are plastic<br /><br />Cons<br />- Weight of bear pulls the pacifier out easy<br /><br />Suggested for a little older than 6 months"
"I think these are well made and cute, but my son gagged on them. To be fair, I have not found a single pacifier he would take, not even those made for preemies. So if your little one is not as fussy, I would recommend these."
The paint is starting to fade and I'm a little worried about that but other than that love the fact that it is of wood.
"I purchased this when my son was a few weeks old and I started trying to find a paci that he would take.  I had an Avent paci in the box with bottles that I got at my babyshower, when I tried it I found that it covered half his face and was just too big for him at the time. So when I saw that this Paci was made for newborns I decided that this has got to be it... well it wasnt.  When I placed it in his mouth he couldnt even tell it was there!  Its so small that its not usable, and my sons head size is only in the 13%, so I am guessing his mouth size is also on the small side.  After trying various brands the MAM pacifier has worked the best!"
"By the time my son was old enough to grab the puppy and put the paci in his mouth, he was on to the orthodontic pacis.  I will have to try to find one that uses that type of paci."
"i have a 10 month old and it is great to be able to hand him a container of food that he can eat without making a mess.  i also like that i made the food, so i know what is in there.  main problem is that it's impossible to clean.  the top opening is so small that i cannot get my hand in there to adequately scrub the bits out of the corners.  i think that if these opened on the long side, this would be much easier to clen and reuse."
"nice product and good service. unfortunately,  i can only give 3 stars as my 6 year old chewed through it fairly quickly."
"The general concept of this is awesome. It does work too, the reason I gave it 3 stars is we haven't used it much since my son doesn't like pacifiers"
"So in my quest for the perfect paci, I purchased this after my little rejected the orthodontic ones. Turns out, she didn't care for this rounded one, either. I suspect it's because of the very strong rubber odor that pretty much starts after only a day or two of use. I properly sterilized and cleaned the paci before giving to my baby, just as the instructions indicated, but no matter what I did, I couldn't avoid the bad rubber odor. I couldn't figure out why she hated these so much, until I put it to my mouth and realized it smelled SO strong. Moreover, they get sticky really quickly, too. A lot of reviewers mentioned that they get sticky only when it's time to replace thm, but all three of ours got sticky only after 1-2 days of use. That is absolutely disappointing and unacceptable for pacis this expensive. I wish that you got what you paid for with these pacis."
"Was recommended this product by someone whose baby takes daily meds, but it doesn't work any better than the drug store dispencers you get for free. Just bulkier."
this was a cool idea but my kids refused to use them... the covering pushed against their mouth while they were sucking on it.
"Looks Funny but Bad Quality of Nipple. It didn't  feel safe to put in the mouth, so after taking a couple pics we put it aside."
"It was alright when i first gave it to her.<br />my 6mo was finally starting to like pacifier.<br />Until a baby swallowed this pacifier whole... i decided not to give these even though there's a doll attached.<br />She doesn't seem to like this kind, also."
"I read as many positive and negative reviews as possible. the common complaint i noticed was that the shield was way too big-went almost to the nose. this is 100% true. i ignored it because my little one sucks on his pacifier nearly all day. even BPA free is not so fantastic (BPS anyone?) natural rubber seemed the way to go. if only this company would make this a little smaller. my little one ended up just chewing on this-maybe their chew toys are the way to go due to the chewy, rubbery nature. i wanted to like this, but it's just not quite what works for my little one."
"the picture is so misleading. the balls glow, sure, as much as those sticky hands from the quarter machine dispensing toys glow. bought these for my sister so that she would have a glowing ball at night when she needed to get up and be about the house. however, the glow is low and doesn't provide much light at all. i've been tricked into buying a $70 product that is literally collecting dust on the shelf. we don't even turn the light on because what's the point of charging the balls of low-glow light? pretty to look at, nonfunctional."
"we loved the idea of this keepsake case for our baby book. thought it would be perfect to store the c.r. gibson baby book perfectly and keep it neat and tidy for years to come! we purchased the exact c.r. gibson baby book as pictured with the keepsake case in the stock photo. the keepsake case is way too small to accommodate the baby book, even when empty and not filled with memories, photos, ect. we did keep it, thinking it would be a nice place to keep photos, baby band from the hospital, well wishes, act from her early months?but i would not recommend this product if wanting to use to keep that particular c.r. baby book inside."
cute prints & cheap price.  the leg gussets don't quite fit my baby as they should.  small amount of leakage.
"I got this on a recommendation from a friend whose son loves them to death.<br /><br />My son liked the toy part, but he prefers the Nuk pacifiers that have the hump on the end. These one's just slide out of his mouth too easy and that kinda aggravates him as he likes to put outward pressure on the pacifier when he's holding it and this one has nothing for him to chomp down on while pulling the end."
paci is NOT replaceable... you cannot put your own paci's on this thing. It comes with one cheap one and thats it -- my little would not even use it because it was not orthodontic.
It nice easy to find and you can never loose it . Except it's heavy on newborns and my baby is 3 months and still can manage it well
Very cute idea but not too practicul for a small baby. Too heavy for a little mouth. Maybe better for an older baby
i think that this is a great idea and i will certainly use it.  just be aware that there are phone apps that do this and for a lot less money.  i bought this without checking the phone app store (silly me).  its also lot smaller than i realized.  about the size of a small phone/pager.
i am used to putting my daughter in the safety of a recaro seat... as she is 5 years old now i decided to get a booster... also for a second car as switching the recaro when needed was somewhat an inconvenience...<br /><br />this one seems a bit flimsy. i have it in a convertible and when my daughter does not use it and i drive with the top down it always &#34;wiggles&#34; it's back. this just shows you how fragile it is. the connection from seat to back really is not great.<br />seat covers seem to be easy to clean in case your loved one ever get's sick as a result of your spirited driving style.<br /><br />i'll try to use the recaro as long as possible as i want to keep my little one safe. i really do not care about crash ratings online. i know that a lot of science and thought go into these but i also have intuition and a feeling about a product when i see it...<br /><br />one that note... the smart car has great crash test ratings as well... but do you feel safe in a head on collision with a large suv ?
Very cute idea for a newborn but they do not come apart from eachother so when you want to boil them you can't and when it drops on the floor you need to wash in washer.  I do throw it in washer and  I boil water and let the nipple sit in the water but it's more work than it's worth
I thought 'personalized' would have our baby's name on it. This is Not a personalized pacifier. I would have loved my baby's name on it.
"My baby like it very much, But i found it will be press the trace on baby face.<br />My baby like it very much, But i found it will be press the trace on baby face.<br />My baby like it very much, But i found it will be press the trace on baby face."
"Love, love, love these.  Just wish they came out of the plastic packaging better.  I always carry them around in my purse.  When I go to get one, about 3-5 come out and then the sticker seal gets loose and the wet wipes end up drying out."
"I thought this was going to be red, but it was actually purple.  Cute, but the seller should use a proper photo for the actual color of the pacifier. It looks red in the photo, but the lips are purple and teeth are yellowish."
"I don't know if my son is too young to really make this of use (1 mon) but this is almost more of a hassle to use than a life saver. My son cant seem to latch onto it so it is always falling out of his mouth or it moves to the side of his mouth. There are some good times with it and as long as he is laying on his back and head facing forward, it stays in, but that's about it. Over all, if you have the money and dont care if it works or not, then go ahead and buy it. But if it's going to break the bank then forget it."
"When my son was first born, the MAM pacifiers were the only ones he would take. At about six weeks, he decided he wasn't interested in them and chose another brand. When he was three months old, I just randomly grabbed a MAM pacifier when I couldn't find a clean one of his favorite hoping that it would work. It did; however, I noticed that when he cried and I would go to insert the pacifier, the whole thing could fit in his mouth! Maybe these would work for a smaller baby up to six months (mine was 14lbs 3 months), but I wouldn't use them past 3 months."
"This is a great product, but be aware that the pacifier is attached to the stuffed animal, and cannot be replaced."
"this book has a lot of pages for each age. as the child grows, the number of pages decrease. too many questions are being asked and a lot of it is cluttered. not all information that it asks i'd want to answer and the ones that i do want, are not there."
"I have a special baby - doesn't like being swaddled and didn't like pacis. For the very (and I do mean VERY) short time he did have it in his mouth, it did soothe him. Other than that, no difference."
"these are very cute.<br />my only complaint: the head bands are very long - almost two inches longer than the ones i bought from a store. so my 5 month old doesn't have a big enough head yet to wear them. so slightly disappointing that i had to put them away until they'll fit her.<br />other than that, they're well made and great colors."
"I ordered these binkies for my 1 month old son. We received them in a descent amount of time, however, I thought they'd be colored and much like the ones we received from the hospital during birth. They work and we've used them a number of times, but specific design/material should be listed for this product."
The binky closes if it falls on the ground but since my kids only uses a binky at night time it just causes her to cry cause she can't get it to open so she can get it back in her mouth. Would be good for daytime users.
"even though i bought the right size for my son, based on his weight, he must have skinny legs because it leaks out the side.  i find it to be very stiff, doesn't seem like it would be comfortable for him.<br /><br />after he peed in it the first night, i washed it (without rinsing it first) and it came out smelling like pee.  the second night after he peed in it, i pulled out the liner and hand washed it, and let it soak.  then i washed it in the washing machine just like i did before.  when it came out, it still smelled like pee.<br /><br />it will always smell like pee."
"ok. .. so i have heard so many wonderful things about sophie.  i had a hard time justifying paying twenty dollars for a rubber toy but hey,  if it is a &#34;must have&#34; then i guess i must get it.  so i buy and receive sophie and (although it resembles a dog toy) give it to my 7 month old daughter.  she is interested in it for a whole five minutes then is on to the next thing.<br />bottom line: yes,  it's cute.  yes it's easy for little hands to hold.... but it is worth the high price?"
this product is not that much good. shapes are good. i think image and real product little different.  so so..
I love this.  My only wish is that they had used the pink soothie pacifier and that the caterpillar wasn't so heavy and stiff. Otherwise I love it. :-)
Very cute and soft. Cones with the soothing pacifier. I didn't like that the pacifier is sewn in so I couldn't sterilize it.
"this thermos is well-constructed and looks good, but the spout feels a little awkward to drink from. it's also a bit difficult to actually get the water to come out - takes quite a bit of suction. i bought this for my 1-yr-old to drink warm liquids, but as soon as he puts his mouth on the spout he rejects it. he's not used to drinking from a hard rubber spout. this is probably best for older kids."
this has served our purpose well. our daughter is almost 2.5yrs & has learnt to use it well on her own. i find the plastic attachment to the tap handle could be made better so that it doesn't twist when you pull or push the extended handle. even though it is very tight on our handle we can't seem to fix that problem. but it does the job well & i am contemplating ordering another for our other bathroom.
"I really thought this was cute when I bought it, but the baby proved me wrong.<br />It turned into a loosing battle that went as follows.<br />Baby cries, give WubbaNub Puppy.<br />Baby quite.<br />Baby grabs new toy she just found, pulls on WubbaNub Puppy, removes pacifier.<br />Baby cries.<br />Repeat once.<br />Get another pacifier.<br />Still a cute dog."
My newborn did not care for this pacifier.  Then again he did not like any pacifier.  I think it depends more upon your individual baby's preference.
i think it would have worked a lot better if before we got it i hadn't told my son that he had to wait for the sun to wake up before he could get up. now he harps on that and just asks me to change the button so the sheep will wake up.
"these are not as nice as pictured. i was expecting a more sophisticated design. it looks the dragonfly was just stamped on the door pull. they are fine, just nothing to write home about."
"i find the velco to be very easy, but it is very stiff which makes the diaper less soft and comfortable."
smaller than i expected. but looks great in my son's nursery. i wish i could've bought all items together for theme.
"if your kid is really messy, might be best to consider something all plastic.  the fabric part does not wipe very clean.  it washes well in the washing machine however, that is not practical to do after every meal.<br /><br />we use it mostly for our baby to sit in and play while we are cooking, or for eating mess-free items like cheerios and puffs."
"i bought these to decorate my nursery. i love the bright colors, cute dinosaurs and the quantity of pieces. the problem is that they keep peeling off the wall. i have put some of them up multiple times and rubbed them a great deal trying to get them to stay up. i have never used this brand before but i do have peel and stick/moveable decals like this up in at least 4 other rooms in my home and have never had this problem before."
"i bought this for use with my existing b-agile stroller and chicco keyfit 30 carseat.  my first child was born before the b-agile stroller came out (i used a baby trend frame to cart him around for the first 6 months).  with my second child now who is 2 months old currently, i want to be able to take walks in the neighborhood with the better ride which the b-agile stroller provides.<br /><br />pros<br />-installs very easily and seems sturdy<br />-chicco carseat clicks into the adapter just like the car seat base so you know you have inserted it properly<br /><br />cons<br />-i verified this with britax customer service, but the canopy of the b-agile stroller cannot open fully (only the first segment with the mesh window will open).  this is a problem for any carseat which is too wide because it blocks the other segments from opening.  this to me is a real con because as chicco carseat owners know, the canopy is skimpy.  it was important to me to be able to shield my baby better with a combo of the two canopies.<br />-b-agile stroller much harder to steer with a carseat inserted because it quite top heavy"
this doesn't stick very well to the high chair tray no matter what i try.  the suction cup is enjoyable for my daughter to chew on and she likes the sound it makes when it hits the grounds so i guess it works.
"it's super cute, but it is definitely not fit to be a ring and toss type toy. it is far too small and the rings are teeny tiny."
"i bought the the first years 16 piece take & toss infant spoons and loved them! so i thought i would try another &#34;the first years&#34; product.<br /><br />i bought these a little early hoping to teach our son how to use a sippy cup these. unfortunately, the mouth piece is hard and he hasn't quit gotten the hang of it.<br /><br />however, that said, i think that he will be able to use the once he has mastered other suppy cups. i then plan to use these during travels so i don't have to worry about losing his more expensive cups."
"i loved this pacifier, but it did not stay in my son's mouth.  we had to hold it in constantly for it to stay.  he is 9 months and still cant hold it in his mouth well."
"Ok product. Although, I was expecting a more solid product for the price that I paid. A couple of the wood edges are cracked from (manufacture) tightening of screws. Needs gentle handling for edges not to give out."
We purchased this because we love elephants and liked the idea of it closing itself to prevent it hitting the ground. Unforchantley (sp) the portion that closes when dropped also prevents it from staying in babies mouth well.<br />It's the only pacifier he refuses to use...and seeing that he can't get it in his mouth well...I understand why.
"When I ordered these they said they were &#34;just like on the Wubanub&#34; but intact the ones on the Wubanub pacifiers are the 0-3month ones. I'm sure these will be fine when my son gets older, but for now I had to order the 0-3 size."
this was a funny and fun gift. doesn't fit like a regular pacifier but the baby played with for a few minutes. not something for regular use but a fun gift
"I like these, however the baby doesn't.  The build quality is super great, however our baby girl doesn't like it.  The plastic surround doesn't form to her face like the MAM's do.  One other nit point is the sterilization box that they came in (at least we thought it was a sterilization box) didn't make it through one time in our Philips AVENT steamer/sanitizer.  The box the MAM's come in holds up to the sanitizer and is also good in the microwave.  All that said, each AVENT pacifier comes with individual caps and they make it through a microwave session."
i love this high chair. my only concern is that the back is angled back which i find awkward. my daughter is always reclined back or she just holds herself straight up.
"the item was about $10 less than if i had bought it in a retail store, but it had a slight defect.  the middle part that lights up and plays songs had been sewn incorrectly so that the smiley face was sideways when attached to the cross bars.  everything worked fine but it bugged me to have it sideways so i pulled it apart and sewed it back on correctly.  didn't take long and certainly wasn't worth sending it back.  i'm not sure if it was cheaper because it was known to be defective or if i was just unlucky enough to get a defective unit.  had it not had the defect, i would have rated it a &#34;5&#34;.  my grandson really likes it!"
it is what i was looking for but they were really big on my daughter. i was able to pull them up past her upper chest area.
"i bought this for my 5 month old twins because their teeth were coming in. it's nice, but the sucker part seems to be a little to large for their mouths to suck/chew on it comfortably. i've noticed that they chew on the leafy part of it more than the berry.<br /><br />it's not a horrible product, but i probably would not buy this item again."
"this teether was recommended to us by other parents. of all the different ones we've tried, this is only one our nine-month-old has shown much interest in, so there must be something working about its simple design. it does freeze well and still has a nice springiness to it. the peel-shaped handles do make it easy to hold, but, unfortunately, also easy to fling to the floor."
"it does what it says, but i wish there were markings on the tubes to tell you how high to fill.  i always ended up under or overfilling.  it is also very difficult to use without making a mess.  it is a pretty good price though and you can easily make your own food.  just be prepared for a messy kitchen."
"bought this for my 5 year old nephew who recently expressed a lot of interest in space stuff.  it is a very light plastic and i am concerned it might not last a beating from a 5 yo, but so far so good.  it has some great informative information about space, planets, and astronauts.  he liked it immediately and so did i!"
"My son wouldn't take these until we were weaning.I think the nipple is too small, however he did enjoy playing with them."
"I bought this pacy after all the great reviews I read. I have to say it's not anything special. It's cute and convenient (you can't lose it), but it doesn't stay in my LO's mouth since she likes to have her head rested to either side when she sleeps, so this tends to fall out. It's great for the car though!"
love these natural rubber pacifiers. they are a little to heavy for newborn babies though. so if that's what your going for try something different.
This item I heard was very fast and useful. I went ahead and bought it. It does work.. After a long time. My son will get fussy and will spit out the pacifier. It works well. If only it worked much faster. Instead of waiting 2 minutes.
"Nice idea but my daughter is three months old and still won't take this. However, when compared to other brands especially the MAM brand you can tell this pacifier is lacking in nipple design. Your pretty much just paying for the bear...."
"After a recommendation, I bought 3 wubbanubs.  The caterpillar, the zebra and the pink giraffe.  I bought the caterpillar first and chose that one because it was the only one shaped like that and I mistakenly thought that would be easier for my daughter.  I was very pleased with it at first because my daughter did try to hold it and it did seem to make a difference.  I bought the other 2 for variety (you seriously don't need 3). The giraffe and zebra have the same basic wider shape and both are a squishier then the caterpillar and my daughter essentially hugs them. The giraffe is slightly larger than the zebra so it is even easier for my 4 month old to hold onto.  She puts one hand up by the pacifier and wraps the other arm around the body like it is her little buddy. It also makes it easy for her to put the pacifier back into her mouth if she wriggles and it falls out.  I gave it 3 stars because the other animal shapes work better and because the Soothie pacifier is glued in so it can't be changed out. The size of the pacifier is 0-3 months.  My daughter is a preemie with an adjusted age of 7 weeks so physically she can use it for another month or so before I should be putting her on larger pacifiers and then eventually the orthodontic shaped ones.  So it is a shame that she can't use it as she grows because it has become like a little friend to her."
"i really love the way this changing table looked and decided to paint it light pink.  i was disappointed though was one of the legs is uneven and i have to now invest in something to even this out.  it's a front leg, so it's going to look a bit off.  also one of the upper front knobs was scuffed/chipped.  i didn't care enough to send it back, too much hassle when you're pregnant!  i wish the quality was a little better."
"hi, we were freaking out about baby's head getting flat, so we bought this for his crib.<br /><br />it never really worked, the baby was always moving around too much for his head to stay in the one spot.<br /><br />what worked just fine for us was &#34;tummy time&#34; - supervised lying on his belly for a couple (or more) hours each day. had the advantage of building upper-body strength too. and then at night lay him on his back."
"i really like the house of botori patterns but i've found the make of this particular bag a bit restrictive. the two drinks pockets on either end of the bag are really hard to get a bottle into. it sits well on my shoulder but that's because it really doesn't fit a lot. i'd recommend it for a quick outing with baby if you're using disposable nappies and not using any sippy cups or bottles.<br /><br />as with all house of botori bags it comes with a great range of accessories including stroller straps, wet bags, insulated drink bottle bag, pacifier pouch and change pad. it's well made with good quality two way zippers."
"Right now it's to big for my daughter but their are very cute, the only issue I have for these is the fact that the paci itself is very awkward in shape and doesn't seem like it's meant to curve for comfort, the nipple is straight and the plastic part doesn't form to the babies mouth."
"I don't know if I read wrong or what but I thought I was getting the vanilla scented ones.  My baby would not use these, he was really picky and only liked the vanilla scented so for me they did not work.  I know that these worked well for many of my friends though so I will just give the package away....not the sellers/companies fault."
"I got a pacifier for my granddaughter like these except with a slightly larger latex bulb that I found in a retail store, and have not been able to find anywhere since, and it's the only one she likes. I thought after reading the reviews for these pacifiers that they might be like it. No such luck. Maybe the larger the larger latex bulb was discontinued? Oh well, good luck."
Works fine except for the drawstring. It does not pull closed. It bunches up and gets stuck. You have to tug at it inch by inch to close and open. Otherwise it fits enough diapers for a ay out.
"I think these are adorable!  And such a great idea!  I got especially excited that they offered a dragon version, but although my daughter uses Avent Soothie pacifiers, for whatever reason she just did not take to this pacifier.  Every time she put it in her mouth she would just spit it out.  I couldn't figure out the reason!  But I will definitely try one of these on the next baby and see if it works."
I love the personalization with the interlocking N Y but the nipple is different than the other pacifiers we have (these have no &#34;up/down&#34;).  My daughter seemed to get &#34;confused&#34; and kept spinning the pacifier and getting upset (mostly when she is tired).
"love the swaddle blanket, very fashionable so now that my son is no longer swaddled we use it a lot in the car/stroller. as for the cd, i love the idea of white noise (from the book of the same name). however, even when you play it on repeat (which is what the book suggests) you get this funky gap in noise, that is somewhat disturbing if the baby (or i) am in a sleep/wake transition state. i think a sound machine is required if you want truly constant white noise."
"my nipples stick to these! i'll leak quite a bit, and it's painful to have to pull these off. they worked  great while i was pregnant though to conceal my nipples."
"i bought this because of all the good reviews, but i suspected i was falling for a good marketing strategy.  i think it's overrated.  the plastic is hard.  i don't feel comfortable leaving my baby alone with the toy.  it seems too likely she'll hit her head with it.  the music is okay--but not nearly as good as others seem to believe. the lights attract the baby's attention, but it doesn't sustain her interest.  she sometimes hits the button, but it's not a given.  the beads on the side are decorative.  there's not much a baby can do with them. they don't rattle.  there's not enough room for them to move up and down the handle.  on the whole, i find the toy rather annoying.  the reviewers who say this is great for parents too must be more tolerant than me."
My nephews get all kinds of funny reactions when they roll around with these in their mouths. Only wish that the nipple part was shaped more ergonomically. Neither one of the twins can hold it in their mouths for long because it's flat on one side and rounded on the other. Wish the seller would post pictures of the nipple so buyers can know if this shape suits their (baby) needs. btw - Does anyone know if and how we can swap the nipples from different pacifiers onto these?
loved the colors ... but very annoyed at the fact that the border is not part of each tile... which my 2 year old keeps pulling very easily.
"this works pretty well. i was hoping for it to clear it up 100% but i would say about 75% effective. bars are normal size and last quite a while , definitely work buying"
"our 8 month old has used it here and there over the months, but i'd say it has been lightly used, yet the fabric is starting to look worn around the grommets.  should still last for a second kiddo though.  my biggest complaint is actually the giant go-pod logo.  your child faces forward in this thing and, whaddya know, that's where they put the huge logo that turns all of your photos/videos into a commercial for their product.  thinking of taking a sharpie to it."
the tubing didn't have the attachment pieces to attach it to the pump. only useful if you already have tubing.
"not very effective for toddlers, they are smarter than a suction cup and can easily move or detach the bowl."
"this worked pretty well, but if it's not perfectly lined up the top allows the powder to spill from one of the divided areas into another.  that defeats its purpose which is to hold accurately premeasured formula powdered.  i used it on a long trip and it was getting bumped around a lot.  i guess if you didn't toss it into a baby bag it would be fine, but i ended up holding the lid in place with a large flat rubber band ;)"
"I purchased the Caterpillar Wubbanub because I liked the giraffe one so much. The giraffe one was very flexible and it made it easier to stay on baby while she slept. This one is stiff, however, and if the baby moves her head to the side at all, the whole thing goes with her. It doesn't stay on her chest like the giraffe one does.<br />Overall it's cute, but that's about it."
"My daughter took a pacifier to help her sleep when she was very young and was having trouble sleeping at 4 months, so our doctor recommended this. It is meant to help a baby hold on to the pacifier or be able to grab it and put it in her mouth, but our daughter was more interested in sucking on the stuffed animal than the soothie, so it was not too helpful. Also the stuffed animal is pretty tiny and it's pretty inconvenient that the soothie doesn't come off since those wear out in a month or two of use. I gave it 3 stars because it is helpful for keeping the pacifier in when soothing a baby to sleep in your arms, but not when she is alone."
"Avent is great.  The pacifiers are great.<br /><br />However, stay away from clear pacifiers if you want to find it in the infant's crib at night; these are invisible (both for you and hopefully, later, for the baby as well)."
It is cute and a GREAT idea....my baby likes it....but I think I could make it myself for a lot less money. Just cut the mouth of a small stuffed animal or beanie baby and super glue a soothie pacifier.....but your baby will Def like them :) it is up to you if it is worth the money
"really a cute lil plug but it was not in a sealed package and wanted to use as a gift...I will run through the dishwasher, but not the same."
"I purchased these for my newborn son. Getting a 4 pack is nice and the bright colors make them easy to find. The loop handle also helps the pacifier sit up right when you need to put it down and keeps it from rolling away.<br /><br />The issue is the nipple of the pacifier fills with water when you boil them and it does not easily drain out. You need to squeeze them to push the water out. If you don't, then they stay full of water. And you can't squeeze all the water out either so a few drops remain in there."
Expensive paci that my baby will not take. I heard this paci worked great for breastfed babies but mine would not have anything to do with it.
bought a second one for grandma's house and he decided he didn't want a pacy anymore!! That's ok tho...i didn't really want him to have one!!:-)
"We started using the monkey wubbanub when my son was five weeks old.  He loved it and so did we for several months.  At four and half months though we had to toss it.  We caught our son choking on the monkey's arm.  He literally swallowed the arm and luckily,  my husband was able to pull it out of his mouth.  I think the age limit suggests six months, but I would recommend that parents stop using these once their child starts teething.  We never gave it to him without being present, and I am relieved that no permanent harm was inflicted."
"We had this one in newborn size and liked it a lot until our little one got her teeth at 6 m and bit them through. I order these in size 12+ in hope that they are much sturdy and can hold, but they are as soft as the newborn size and get bit through within a day. It doesn't happen with other brand of rubber pacifiers."
cute bib but you should know after the first wash it needed ironed because it curled up.  we just threw it in a bib box for casual wear around the house.
"i am rating this product as &#34;okay&#34; because it is a good light up bath toy. however, i purchased it because i was looking for a bath thermometer. it is not a bath thermometer! it fades from one color to the next, to the next, to the next. the color change has nothing to do with the bath temperature at all. if it had been advertised as a light up bath toy and i had purchased it for that reason, i would be perfectly happy. the description is misleading, and of course i am not going to go through the motions of returning a $6 bath toy with all the hassle that is involved, but now i have to look for another bath thermometer for my baby! i am extremely disappointed! they need to update their description, as it is not a correct representation of the product."
"IT WAS GOOD. I WAS LOOKING FOR SOMETHING LIKE TAHT. IT IS NOT THE BEST OF THE BEST, BUT ITS OK."
"such a cute novelty item, only our son hates it. It was a total impulse buy. it's a better bet to spend that 10 dollars on the type of pacifiers your baby favors."
I would give this more stars if it was more apparent that these where vanilla scented. I didn't read all of the product details because it was listed as a different color option of a pink (unscented) soothie. At first I didn't like that it was scented but I tried it anyways and my son started preferring these over the non scented.  Which would be fine but it's only been a few weeks and the binky has lost it's scent... Oh well. He still uses it. I guess I just don't see the point of it being scented at all...
"doesnt stay stuck to table, constantly picking it up off the floor.  better as a rattle or handheld device. postage was quick"
my 16 month old received a full rash from these around his mouth. be careful and remember latex allergies are possible. i'll stick with silicone from now on. the style of these are perfect though - size and the little flippy handle thing - helps us find the binky in the dark.
"i was so excised when my 13 month old son's teething symptoms went away after putting on this necklace! it was like magic! however, only three days after the necklace arrived it broke! the knot loosened at the clasp and fell off.  i cannot repair it. fortunately, i saw it fall off his neck and picked up the pieces."
These pacifiers are just OK. My newborn is not crazy about them. They seem to fall out of his mouth a lot (perhaps given their shape) and we find ourselves having to pick up the dropped pacifier and offering it back to the fussy baby quite a lot compared to another brand which has a different shape that my newborn seems to favor over these ones.
Not overly impressive - overpriced in my opinion. I think you can find it cheaper at a store. I should have went shopping.
"cute item, but didn't like that it doesn't come with retail packaging."
"Very cute but packaging could be improved, just looked old and cheap! but the animal was exactly what i wanted. Thank you!!"
"The WubbaNub Giraffe is cute, which is why I bought in the first place but after receiving it I realised just how unhygienic it really is because there is no cover for the pacifier."
"The idea is genius and it makes it easy for young babies to not keep losing their pacies.  That being said, since the pacie is not removable it is a challenge to clean, especially if something gets on the animal part.  We are on our second one for that reason."
This pacifier is a much bigger than others out there. There are two flaps which stick out at the sides. My son doesn't like it as it probably takes up too much space in his tiny mouth.
our son hates it. he is 5mo old and will do everything in his power to get it off or avoid it.
"suction cup doesn't work the best, but it was cheap enough that i could fabricate my own mounting system to make it work."
it works good. the only problem i have is that is should have a timer so that one would have more control over warming things (bottles and food)
"handles too long for the baby to use otherwise these are durable, dishwasher safe and soft.  bowl is not very big."
"i like this carrier and use it often. it's very simple and comfortable and doesn't hurt my back even after hours of wearing (my baby is currently 12 lbs). i am a big fan of mei tai carriers and love that this one was more affordable. the only reason i gave it 3 instead of 5 stars is that there are small, white fibers inside the padded straps that work their way out with each washing. i washed it before using it the first time and it looked like there was pet hair all over the straps! i had to pick them all off which was very annoying. i wouldn't buy this product again due to this, i guess it's worth it to spend more money on a brand with higher quality materials."
"it works fine as long as you hold it in, both of our babies will not suckle on it and get rather fussy about the whole thing."
the stopper hat is really just an average bathroom tool.  it's made of cheap-feeling styrofoam.  i'm not sure it's worth the asking price.  maybe half that.  you can really just get by with cotton balls with vasoline for a whole lot cheaper!
it's kinda small and not a whole lot of room...not made with very good material so it didn't last long
"The clip broke 2 days after I started using it for my son. But I love the design, so I bought a second one - keeping in mind the clip is not the sturdiest. The new one is holding up so far. Maybe the first was just a faulty one."
"A little long for the mouth of a baby under six months. My baby was fine chewing on the end of these, but if she tried to suck on it, it would reach all the way back into her mouth and choke her. And she is a big girl! (9 lb 3 oz at birth)  I think they need to change the age suggestion up a year or so."
"this crib sheet is soft and the color is nice, but the elastic around the edges is narrow and cheap - as our daughter is rolling around in her crib, the sheet moves and bunches.  probably won't purchase again."
my daughter loves this toy but only if we are interacting with her. she also loves to put the mallet in her mouth like a lollipop. if we introduce her to the noises it makes she will play with it with us. she will not however play with it on her own very long and it is not a toy that she takes out of her toy box.
I have a lot of trouble finding this kind of paci in stores.  I wish I hadn't gave my son this kind because he won't take any other now.  They are great pacifiers though.  Also don't get your hopes up on the color you want.  my son got pink.  It's not a big deal but some moms are very picky. I was just pretty desperate because I can never find these at local stores so I didn't care about the color.
"Maybe it's because my baby is super fidgety, but this doesn't really do a whole lot for keeping the paci in her mouth.  Maybe when she's a little older, she will be able to put it back by herself.  She is 2 months and unless you have a baby who is swaddled and doesn't move, this doesn't do much.  I had such high hopes too, but I guess I'll still be getting up every 10 seconds to put the paci back in her mouth."
"The pacifier is very cute, however was a little overpriced for the quality.  I don't think that I would purchase again."
None available.
"it's difficult to work the lock and doesn't fit the door quite tightly enough. why isn't it just a tension lock? it's not really a &#34;pressure mount.&#34; it looks nice, though, but my cats can jump over it easily"
the mirror is not clear and baby can barely see her face.  the toys are cute and it attaches easily to the bar.  would be 5-stars if the mirror was better.
"my son loved this toy! we had it in his room, which he didn't spend much time in other then to sleep. we recently moved this toy to the living room(after about a year and a half) and he snapped off the blue microphone and the rattle! beware! the plastic part can be sharp when it's snapped off. he can still stomp on the piano part and push the buttons."
"i haven't talked to the person i got it for , it was a gift for a baby shower, so really don't know how they like it or not."
this is not a body pillow?i highly recommend the full size leachco.  this was not very useful to me as it didn't offer me the support or comfort that the full size pillow does----which is all around comfort.  this one may be convenient for naps on the sofa but def not for a long slumber.  the pattern is much nicer on the mini than the large.
"The pacifiers were much thicker and harder than expected that the ones that you get from the hospital as a newborn. I decided to get these because my dog had chewed up my sister's pacifier and I had to buy a new one but they would always be sold out in stores and so I resulted to purchasing this. However once I got it my sister didn't like it because it was too hard, although she is 7 months old. She will suck on it for a while and then spit it out due to difficulty sucking on it. Its good for its purchase but I think the 0-3 months pacifier is better."
"My son loves this pacifier, just as he loves all his natursuttens, however I was a little disappointed by the butterfly. Whereas most butterfly pacifiers fall well below the nasal passages, this one pushes right up against them- at least on my son. I find I am more comfortable giving him the natursutten round pacifier. The butterfly is great in theory but personally, I prefer their round now that we've tried both out."
"i think this mat is adorable.  however, the truck cutouts are not one piece, and fall out easily if you are lifting or moving the mat.  my very active 6 month old has also discovered that he can pull the pieces apart, which tends to make a mess, and defeat the purpose of sitting him on the mat.  he ends up sitting on the floor (because he has the scoot down pat) surrounded by bits of pieces of the mat.  i may end up buying the solid square mat."
"My baby is now 17 months old, and has never liked this stage of the soothie. I tried switching him to this one when he was about 5 months old or so, and he plain refused to use this one. He preferred the softer stage for younger infants. I kept this one laying around, in case he decided to pick it up and use it when he became mobile, but it never became anything more than something to chew on when he started teething, so I took it away. He still prefers the softer soothie. I tried offering this one again recently, but he just decided it would be fun to bite it and pull it out from between his teeth, so I took it away again."
My baby prefers to chew the sides of these pacifiers rather than suck the teat.  The teat is too small and he can't keep it in his mouth easily.
"We used Translucent Orthodontic Avent Pacifiers from the first months for our son. I realized that this Animal Style has bottom and top - it is different shape than orthodontic. If you give it in dark or baby takes it by himself down to up - edge of pacifier almost reach his nose. Not a big deal maybe, but i would recommend to chose between Contemporary and Translucent Orthodontic Avent Pacifiers."
Strong smell and too soft.  I find the competitors have a better product and are more consistent.  The 0-6 month size is very small as well.
"These are great pacifiers.  Don't order them online.  There were different colored pictures and I chose the green picture.  They arrived pink.  There was no option, just a picture of green binks and I assumed that is what I would get. Go to the store."
pretty happy with the quality of this car. but my grandson wasn't terribly impressed. he is only 11/2 so maybe as he gets older he will enjoy it more.
Pacifiers were the last thing I purchased when my son was born because there were so many and I wasn't sure which one would be best. The hospital gave him several of these pacifiers during our stay even though they suggested not to use pacifiers at all since I planned to breastfeed which to me was just not possible since he needed something to comfort him while he was not eating. I continued to use and bought more in many different colors until I realized the part that sticks out is dangerous. The pacifier stabbed him in the eye when it fell out his mouth and he rolled over while playing. If you plan to use please understand supervising your child at all times still leaves possibility for injury because they move quickly and anything can happen in a split second. Do not allow child to sleep with this and be careful if they play while it is in their mouth.
"i think the design concept for this product is fabulous. based on the other reviews, i was excited to try this product because many others said the flanges helped to increase their milk supply. i sure hope that's the case for me.<br /><br />however, since i already have a low supply (i pump around 10-15ml in one session), i was disappointed that there is a ridge/lip inside the flange tube. this means that during my pumping session, milk collects on the ridge and is wasted because it does not drip into the cup. removing the flanges results in the milk dripping out and being wasted. when someone is pumping so little to begin with, wasting even just .5ml is a 5% loss in quantity. over the course of the day, that adds up!<br /><br />i suspect that for mothers pumping many ounces at a time, this small amount of milk loss is insignificant. but for moms like me, it's not worth it... yet.<br /><br />i did contact the seller/company owner and he very graciously offered to refund my money.  he also explained that the ridge is due to the manufacturing process and suggested that i make a modification to the flange by cutting the plastic a tiny bit to allow the milk to flow.  i am going to try that.  i hope it works.<br /><br />perhaps in future manufacturing, this product could be refined so that the ridge is eliminated and the inside of the tube is smooth and free flowing like the standard pump flanges it claims to improve upon. then mothers like me would be able to use the product without having to cut the plastic to make it work, which is not very convenient. that would make this product a total win for moms who really need lots of help increasing their supply. and there are many of us out there!<br /><br />so as-is, i'm not too impressed. but i intend on making the modification and hope to see improvement with both the product performance and my own milk supply."
"dr. brown's has great merchandise, no doubt. i am fnding that a bottle is just a bottle. as parents and grandparents, we need to hold the bottle just &#34;so&#34; for the baby to not ingest extra air. this bottle is no miracle. please just buy any regular bottle and enjoy your feedings with your baby/grandbaby."
"i have a number of avent pacifiers and my husband is always losing the covers of those pacifiers.  when i saw these, i thought they would be great.  they are a great concept except for one detail: the plastic of the covers is quite hard and leaves a mark on the baby's face.  my son doesn't seem to mind, as he happily takes this pacifier (or any other one i give him, he's quite the laid back baby), but i feel bad when i take it away and see the red marks around his mouth.  i love that if i drop this it snaps shut (it has to be dropped on a hard surface for it to snap shut; if you drop it on a soft surface it stays open), and that there is no danger of losing the cover.  but i tend to rarely use these because of the marks that they leave.  perhaps if the tips of the covers were made of silicone, it might not leave as much of a mark on the face."
"This is a really good idea.  How often have pacifiers dropped?  This makes it easier for baby to hold onto the pacifier and to not drop it so easily  on the floor.  However, my granddaughter kept trying to chew the toy an not the pacifier."
"got this for my wife, since my car's seat belt doesn't adjust in height. she found that it didn't really get it into the right position."
"today's cloth diapers are nothing like the diapers i bought 40 years ago which went through 3 children and still were good.  these are thin enough to see through!  i guess i should have known when they were advertised for car washing.  however, i did get what i paid for and i knew the quality when i purchased them.  i folded them in half and made burp cloths."
"i have triplet daughters and thus bought three of these summer infant high chairs.  with a ph.d. in mechanical engineering not to mention lots of experience assembling baby products, i thought it would be a fairly simple task to assemble the high chairs.  i was wrong.  if you buy one of these, be prepared for 1-2 hours of work depending on how poor your luck is with the parts in the box.  my first and second high chairs assembled in about 1.25 hours each.  they are a bit flimsy and rickety compared to my experience to date with a graco high chair (also wood) used by my older son.  you would expect that having assembled two, the third high chair would be a snap to build.  but contrary to such an assumption, the third high chair needed to be assembled minus one screw that simply could not be assembled no matter how hard i worked at it.  i must have wasted at least half an hour undoing and redoing the assembly trying to make that screw align and thread, and then i gave up.  i also managed to strip the hex head on another screw so there was no way to further tighten it.  you'll find that you need to be a contortionist in order to perform the assembly steps.  the hex keys are used to tighten screws in very tight spaces, such that the hex keys can't be turned a full 360 degrees at a time.  that makes the assembly process very slow.  it is hard to see many of the alignment holes, and i found myself holding a flashlight trying to peer in the small gaps between parts to see why screws would not align with holes.  in sum, the design is nowhere close to what a mechanical engineer would consider \\elegant.\\<br /><br />finally, a word about the color.  the picture on amazon shows a light brown stain.  that matches my kitchen decor.  however, the product description lists the color as espresso (not what my wife had in mind).  checking on summer infant's web site, i discovered a picture of the high chair with a much darker brown finish close to black.  i wondered whether that was \\espresso\\ and whether another color was available.  trying to resolve this issue, i called summer infant's customer service number to find out whether \\espresso\\ corresponds to the summer infant web site picture or the amazon picture.  after waiting a long time, i talked to a very nice representative who confirmed with the product team that the amazon picture was the accurate one and said that they would change the picture on summer infant's web site.  lo and behold, however, three high chairs arrived at my doorstep and none match my kitchen.  the color in fact does correspond to a dark brown finish, not the lighter one shown in the amazon picture.  nevertheless, i have four children including three infants and one toddler, and no extra time on my hands to return three huge boxes to amazon and start over.  my wife was not pleased.  so i'll now look at three high chairs for years to come that don't match the kitchen.<br /><br />in sum, the buying and assembling experiences were a disappointment.  i would rate the high chairs -- once assembled -- as just average (and the assembly process was maddening).  given the option, i would have ordered three more graco wood high chairs just like the one my toddler uses.  unfortunately, that incredibly solid, sturdy, attractive high chair was recalled and is no longer sold by graco.  lovely."
The size of the stuffed toy is small an doesn't act like a weight. It's harder to clean than I thought an running it under hot water and cleaning with soap alone Wont help. Im going to try boiling it but the smell of the nipple was so strong that it even started to somewhat hurt my nose! If I can't get the smell out by boiling than I just bought an expense mc donalds looking toy.
"I'm not upset or overly thrilled with the soothie pacifiers. Both of my children have not cared for them but they are solid material, easy to find, and don't leave a ring around their mouths if they use them for awhile."
"It seems like a well made product, but my son just doesn't like this pacifier as well as the one he already has.  But he doesn't use a pacifier nearly as much as my daughter did.  He would rather chew and bite his fist or my finger than suck on a pacifier."
This product is handy for carrying (2) pacifiers at a time. The only negative thing is the hook after time opens up wider and slips off my bag.
"We are big fans of wubbanubs in our house, but for some reason the pacifier on this one is harder than others. I'm sure my 2 month old son won't mind that when he gets older, but he prefers the other wubbanubs with the softer pacifiers for now."
"I had heard a lot of good things about this pacifier but it did't work for my baby.  They seemed very hard, not soothing."
"I would say this is more like a 5-6+ month baby that's using a binky. The 3 month baby is still on your breast, which is significantly softer than these pacifiers."
"it looks beautiful and was super easy to assemble. but during the first 2 weeks of use one of the &#34;springs&#34; popped out of place and neither one of us is strong enough to stretch it to get it back in the hole. (i'm 5'4&#34; and 125 lbs with an 8 lb baby...theres no way we should be popping springs in anything.) and there is one joint in the glider that now squeaks like crazy. both issues were in the part that came pre-assbled. i wish i would have purchased this at a local store, because i would have brought it back."
"I can't say whether my baby likes it or not because I've bought about 10 different pacifiers now and not one will she take. It's an okay, &#34;throwback&#34; pacifier."
"while preparing for my first plane flight with my 6-month-old son, i was understandably a little nervous about being able to contain him on the flight. i was going to be flying by myself with him in my lap. oh yeah, and searching \\lap sitting baby\\ of course turns up dozens of results about babies flying out of their mothers' arms during turbulence and all sorts of other great things you want to hear before flying. a little internet searching led me to this product, which seemed like it would allay all of my fears -- something to provide some extra insurance during the flight!<br /><br />the product is very well made -- sturdy buckles, strong velcro, good material -- and i had no problem getting the infant size onto my son. even though the package says it's only supposed to be for cruising, none of the flight attendants said anything when i buckled him in before take-off. and it did what it was meant to do -- as long as he was asleep. that lasted about an hour into my 3.5 hour flight. the rest of the time, my squirmy little guy constantly wanted to stand up, then sit, then stand again, be turned around, etc., all of which necessitated that i unbuckle him from me (the strap that you put your seat belt through wasn't long enough to let him stand all the way while strapped to me). this essentially rendered the product useless for the rest of the flight. i didn't even bother with it for the return flight.<br /><br />so, if you have a baby who isn't very squirmy and/or will probably sleep throughout the whole flight, this will be great for you. if your baby is a squirmy wormy like mine, you should probably pass. it's too bad, too, because i still think this is such a great idea!"
"the product itself is easy to assemble and the quality is good, but my 7 month old only liked it the first couple of times he used it. he would get himself stuck against something and not understand how to get out. the back wheels are fixed, and he had trouble pedaling straight backwards. after a couple of uses he would just start crying if i went to put him in it.<br /><br />i was hesitant to purchase, because i don't like a lot of large toys laying around the house unless they are worth the space, and i probably should have gone with my instinct and not purchased this. i would recommend the baby einstein musical motion activity jumper (or a doorway jumper) instead if you are looking for something to put your baby in."
"i would not say it doesn't fits the britax b ready stroller, but its tricky..there is only one spot for it to fit and is right at the bottom almost close to the basket. and you don't need the extra arm piece. with that said this product is cheaply made and mine came clearly used when that is not what i ordered....it was put together already and backwards. it seems like this could break easy. but i am gonna try it. also there was no real instructions."
"great design, nice modern look. fairly comfy item overall.  but be aware that once the baby is able to stand and is taller than 25 inches there is a very real issue of the baby leaning over and falling out of this. do not leave baby unattended!!"
"This set was nice because I made an Orioles wreath, so I needed plenty of Orioles stuff. I gave only a few stars because of the price. I would buy from this seller again."
"I was impressed with the packaging and the pacifier itself. It is very smooth and clean looking. The handle of the pacifier is very long for easy grabbing. However, my daughter wouldn't take this pacifier. For some reason she did not like the shape."
"i know the whole point of these is to be tight, but they left pretty severe indents on my daughter.  probably won't use them again."
"we have the summer infant baby monitor and this one. this monitor is a great value and much better than no monitor. the difference that you get if you pay more a summer infant baby monitor is in the audio. the microphone doesn't pick up the sound as well and the speaker is much much softer. there is not much difference in video but the audio is a night and day difference. on this monitor, if you have the tv on loud or there is a party going on, you'll easily miss the sound of your baby.<br /><br />another minor complaint is that i wish they'd thought more about was how the screen goes off after a while. this feature makes sense in the summer infant baby monitor... the screen goes off after a few minutes if you don't have it plugged in to save battery. if you have it plugged in, the screen stays on. on this infant optics monitor, the screen goes off after a few minutes, plugged in or not. you have to press something to reactivate the screen."
"fine product. quality is ok, one issue after installing it, it didnt seem like it is entirely secured, moves a little bit. for the price, i guess it is an option if you don't drive often and far."
"We love WubbaNubs, however this one is not great because the legs dont offer any support for you to make sure the paci stays in the babys mouth."
"We love all products AVENT!<br /><br />First, Philips AVENT has the best customer service.  To make things easier retain a copy of your AVENT receipts (although, unnecessary).<br /><br />Second, our baby loves the &#34;non-Soothie&#34; AVENT pacifiers.<br /><br />Third, these are not as good as other AVENT pacifiers.<br /><br />PROS:<br />- Cost, these are relatively inexpensive (great if you misplace them)<br />- Love the cover that comes with the pacifier.  Great to throw in the diaper bag and not worry about it getting dirty.<br />- I like that there is no up/down - pacifier can be used either direction<br /><br />CONS:<br />- The hard plastic on these pacifiers are very flat, unlike our other AVENT pacifiers these don't seem to bend at the edges making them seem a little awkward.<br />- The hard plastic seems much thinner on the edges - probably just a preference, I just don't like it - I like the rounded edged pacifiers.<br />- WEIRD CON: We have a stash of pacifiers in the crib (generally out of baby's reach) and we only use pacifiers at nap times not bedtime - so when baby grabs one of these pacifiers on his own accord you have to look carefully whether he has it in his mouth because it looks strange on the night-vision of the video monitor.<br /><br />OVERALL:<br />- I probably wouldn't buy these exact pacifiers again - but would suggest other AVENT pacifiers - and Philips AVENT in general."
"I gambled and won because I have a girl and got pink pacis.  I probably wouldn't have cared too much if I got blue, but if you care about the color, you'd better go pick them out at the store."
"Seems to be a bit of a gimmicky product.  I love the idea of it, but it hasn't been ideal for my now 6 month old.  It's possible that he's just not into a binky much anymore, but this product does not help him keep it in his mouth.  The puppy is so light weight that it doesn't hold the binky in place at all.  My son would have to hold it in his mouth, but he's much more interested in playing with a stuffed animal."
"We love the soothie pacifiers.  I was in search of a Wubbanub as soon as I realized my second child would actually take a pacifier.  I liked it for the cuteness, but was also looking for a way to keep the pacifier from popping out across the room.  I didn't realize that the pacifier doesn't actually detach from the stuffed animal.  Yes, you can handwash it, but I was hoping to be able to remove it for better sterilization purposes.  It's cute, but we tend to use the solitary pacifiers more often."
"I ordered a whole bunch of these in different shapes and sizes. Unfortunately they are useless at this point as outside part is way too heavy and falls out of newborn's mouth. (even at 3 weeks.) She has strong suction, but since she needs to take a breath here and there it is enough time for these pacies to fall right out. (which frustrates her and starts screaming) SO unless I hold it in her mouth until she falls asleep she cannot use these. I hope later on they can be used with more success."
"I think it is an adorable idea, but I wish it came with a different type of pacifier, or better yet, that you were able to change out pacifiers.  My little lady doesn't care for this type of pacifier."
"I loved this pacifier and concept, then the opening cracked after 3 weeks of use.  The nipple material is pretty stiff and I guess that contributed to the cracking.  BUT, before that it was fabulous.  Better than the Numimed by far.  Love being able to push/blow the medicine down when it got stuck in the back.  Hole was small enough so that the medication didn't leak out.  Back snapped closed and open without too much trouble.  Reservoir was a nice size - not too big, not too small.  Great concept, but save your money.  We have just taken to filling a small nipple with the medication and  it works great."
Somehow my child doesn't like any pacifier. I tried different kind of pacifiers without successes. Finger are much better than any pacifiers
it took me a while to find a gate that was big enough to fit one of our walk ways that could easily be removed. the quality is ok but not great. since my opening is quite large i have it almost completely stretched out  (2nd to last notch) which makes it less stable. my cats have jumped over it and knocked it out of place. when my daughter pulls herself up on it she has accidentally pulled it down on herself  a couple times (she wasnt hurt but it shouldnt have happened). all in all - im glad i have it as it does work most of the time as long as im keeping a good eye on my girl.
"after using both the stems and twigs, we found the stems have more flexibility in drying parts than twigs. there are limitations with hanging parts because of the angle of the branches."
great versatile seat but my 16 months old who moves around a lot almost fell out. don't leave your kid unattended in it not even for a second.
"we have been using this wipe warmer for about three months now and the lid is driving me crazy.  the warmer warms the wipes nicely and the night light is a nice feature.  if the lid would stay latched, i would give it five stars.  when we first started using it, the lid stayed latched, but for some reason it just doesn't any longer and it shouldn't be worn out after three months.  about to toss this one and find another with a better lid."
So far no report from the Mom as I haven't asked.  I will pursue for input from her re: it's performance.
"My baby was only liking a certain large bulb pacifier and these didn't show exactly how large they were, so I took a chance on them anyway. They're of course too small. Cute designs, but didn't work for us."
Wanted to love this but my baby didn't.  Went back to orthodontic Nuk with silicone nipple.  Like the idea of the natural rubber but I think the texture or something was undesirable for my baby.
"stick with a&d ointment. i think if this had more zinc to dry the skin out quicker it would be good. or if it was thicker and did not come off so quickly. then it would be worth buying. but until they make the improvements i would have to stay that the old saying, &#34;there is nothing new under the sun.&#34; remains true in this case."
"the screens are too big for my side windows and i cannot get the suction cups to hold properly.  i will try again in our new vehicle, but not holding my breathe!"
"i have a hot headed kid, and he sweats in the summer with these sheets even though the temp in his room is 77 f. it s soft and comfy but also a bit small for his standard crib mattress, which i've never come across with other sheets. the seams sort of ride up on the sides and do not line up flush with the edges of the mattress. good value anyway though."
"i wanted a basket to use for creating a 50th birthday gift basket for my mom and this basket fit the bill, especially for the price. you get what you pay for though, and the basket is lightweight and cheap. the wicker feels plasticky and if you catch anything on any of the pointy bits, they're going to snap. however, it did hold all of the gifts and we were able to transport from point a to point b, so for that i say, the basket is okay. any heavier usage, and it may not withstand such use/abuse."
"The picture is lovely, but as matter of fact that I haven't recived it at all,I don't know, why?where was it gone?"
"I bought these hoping my exclusively breastfed daughter would like them because she didn't seem to like the shape of the orthodontic pacifiers we had been trying. She took them into her mouth fine, but they won't stay in unless I hold them in for her. It seems like the nipple is just to firm for her to keep a good hold on by herself, even at 7 weeks old. She ended up deciding to take the ortho pacifiers instead."
Picks up too much hairs and lint have to constantly be cleaning and washing themnot so great for outing trips
I love these WabbaNumb pacifiers.  I have three now.  The Duck is the least favorite.  His quality is not as good as the other two I have (cat and cow).  He is cute though.  Just where they sewed him to the pacifier is not done to the best quality.
"It was fine the first two weeks, after that the caterpillar detached from the pacifier. My daughter likes to hold it and suddenly instead of one piece there were two. Don't recommend it."
its hard to assemble and doesn't stay put. would not recommend it if you can afford something better. i cant
"we used these on top of the changing pad to eliminate having to constantly change the pad cover, however you go through them quickly and they are expensive.  i initially cut them in half which helped -- but in the end we used old cloth diapers/burp cloths on top of the changing pad and just would wash them.  easier than changing the whole cover, and cheaper than buying these...."
"the screen is clear and easy to read, the design is functional and adorable, but it just doesn't work.  after only a few uses, it stopped turning off when we took it out of the water.  we tried to remove the panel and dry it out, but it was no use.  the thing just died."
"the gate doesn't seem strong enough but does seem to do the job o.k.  there is a &#34;magic&#34; dimension that the gate is both too big and too small so i had to jury-rig how it was fastened at the bottom of the stairs.  there are &#34;optional cups&#34; to screw onto the wall (or whatever) that the rubber adjusters (feet) fit into.  without the cups the rubber feet will slip if it's not tight enough: by the time you make it tight enough to not slip, the gate latch will be so far into its housing that the gate will not open.  you really need to be creative if you want it to be secure enough to make you feel secure about your child's safety."
"my baby loved some other sassy-books, but this one he doesn't look at.<br />don't know why. maybe he is too old with 6 months.<br />but nice the one which is a photo-album... put mommy and daddy inside...."
that's about all i can say about it. my 12 mo. old son is more interested in the handle as a teether than the flash cards. he might become more interested later.
"i used a 5oz bag of breast milk, expecting that since each cube is supposed to be 1oz, my bag would fill up 5 cubes. it filled up 8, so definitely not 1oz cubes! i even filled it pretty close to the top since there are ridges to prevent it from spilling over(hopefully). so it was about .625 oz in each cube give or take. which is kind of crappy, because that means i'll either have too much or too little for my baby.<br />so if you're looking for an accurate 1oz measurements, this is not for you."
"i like the crib, but was very disappointed that the mattress came with a california warning stating it has carcinogens as well as can cause reproductive harm and birth defects.  i still think the crib is worth it without the pad and the pad is considered &#34;safe&#34; by many states standards, but i will not use it.  this really needed to be stated in the description so people could consider that when purchasing it.<br /><br />1 hint for putting it together i wish i had thought of: to avoid scratches when attaching the bottom piece where the mattress sits, i wish i had covered the screws with bandaids and then removed them when it was attached.<br /><br />cute, sturdy crib that is the perfect size for small spaces."
"this being one of them. almost all of them have their faults. this one works better than the under cabinet ones that are nailed to doors but not as well as the sort of flexible rope/cable ones. of the two i got, one is still working well and the other went to pieces and hit the trash long ago."
"per title, these are well-designed for their purpose, but they are way too big for a child's arm.  will work well for an adult with a larger arm.  i suggest measuring your wrist before ordering."
"this is a good car seat.  well built and obviously comfortable for my 7 month old.  one major problem though - i don't feel that the words \\pool noodle\\ or \\tightly wrapped towel\\ should be involved in a car seat installation.  unfortunately one of them is necessary with my nissan murano.  and it seems to be a pretty common problem.  i also found that the instruction manual was poorly written, at least for the \\rear facing with latch\\ section."
"comfortable, looks good, light weight allows chair to slide backwards when rocking which can cause the chair to hit the wall or whatever is behind it, bearing assemblies wont stay tight causing bumpy glide and will probably cause premature failure , requires special thin open-end wrench to tighten the bearing assemblies.  suitable for occasional use. unfortunately we purchased for every day use on a sun porch."
my house is a more modern open floor plan. i have a 10 ft opening that i needed to block for safety reasons.<br />this works but the screws it came with barely penetrated the drywall to get into the wooden stud.  after a week of the boys<br />pulling on it i had to get much longer screws.  other than that it's pretty good.
"i originally enjoyed this walker for my daughter because at the time she was not at the level she is now. my daughter is now 9 months and i can't seem to get this walker to adjust to her height. it only goes to 2 levels and my daughter is short. besides that issue, i still like this because it does keep her entertained and she enjoys the music that plays."
"When my son first came home from the hospital, these pacifiers were a lifesaver.  I was initially worried giving my son a pacifier would disrupt breastfeeding, but it did not.  He was first given these while in the NICU and they really soothed him and helped keep him happy both while in the hospital and when coming home. Unfortunately for me, when my son turned 2 or 3 months old, he refused to take this pacifier and thus was without something to soothe himself.  I found that at around 5 months when he starting teething he preferred the regular Avent (non-Soothie) pacifier, but then a few weeks, he rejected that, too!  So perhaps the issue was more my son simply did not want to take a pacifier.  I never had a problem with the quality or safety of the Soothies, though, and I definitely recommend trying them, especially when your baby is a newborn."
I always give 5 stars for wubbanubs bc my daughter loves them so much. SHe lights up every time she see them. They are perfect for babies who can't hold their binki in their mouth very well (much like my daughter.) They have flaws such as the cleaning hassle and the brand is in the works of making some for older babies (these are only meant for 0-6). Which sucks bc my daughter is 6m. At least they are trying. But what made me give this 3 stars is not bc of these reasons. i would still give it a 5. The pros totally out wight the cons. but why this particular one earned 3 stars is bc when received it had cotton sticking out of the stitches. It had a huge knot of thread where it was sew shut. The tail had no filling. JUst a long piece of cloth. THe whole monkey felt less filled then her kitty that she has. Other then that its works great. I was just upset about the quality. Shipping back would take wayyyyy to long as i am stationed overseas. It takes forever to send and receive mail out here so i just dealt with it. My daughter can care less about the threading. She loves her wubbanubs.
"This is very cute.  Kinda wish I had bought the pink bear, but the kitty is cute and soft.  My baby doesn't take to it very well.  She can't really keep it in her mouth.  Every time she turns her head, it comes out."
"The description does state this will fit two pacifiers, but it really depends on their size.  I have regular pacifiers with the plastic shield and Avent Soothies, and the Soothies were the only ones where I could cram two of them in there.  For regular pacifiers with the plastic shield you can only fit one.  That's not such a problem for me, but the description really should be a bit more accurate.  The pacifiers I have are the newborn size, so if you get a bigger pacifier there's even less space for it.  On the plus side, it does seem to lock pretty well.  I did have trouble opening it from the tab at the top; a work around it so just squeeze the sides and it pops right open.  It has an open side on the clip, which allows you to easily attach it to something.  I also bought the Nuby carrier, and it's pretty much the same thing (though quite a bit cheaper).  Size wise, it also only fits one pacifier so if you're looking for something to fit two pacifiers, you will need to keep looking (or just use a Ziploc bag)."
"The description does state this will fit two pacifiers, but it really depends on their size.  I have regular pacifiers with the plastic shield and Avent Soothies, and the Soothies were the only ones where I could cram two of them in there.  For regular pacifiers with the plastic shield you can only fit one.  That's not such a problem for me, but the description really should be a bit more accurate.  The pacifiers I have are the newborn size, so if you get a bigger pacifier there's even less space for it.  On the plus side, it does seem to lock pretty well.  I did have trouble opening it from the tab at the top; a work around it so just squeeze the sides and it pops right open.  It has an open side on the clip, which allows you to easily attach it to something.  I also bought the NUK carrier, and it's pretty much the same thing (just more expensive).  Size wise, it also only fits one pacifier so if you're looking for something to fit two pacifiers, you will need to keep looking (or just use a Ziploc bag)."
my son can't live without his pacifier this bulk package Is great i  just wish they still sold the bigger package.
I like the patterns and colors of Ella Bella. Baby would have liked it better if the truck was straight it was  difficult keeping it in her mouth.
"i actually bought these when my mom had a stroke and was living in our mil suite.  what can i say, but they work and are easy to set up etc.  we did however have an issue when there was power outage in our neighborhood and these monitors shorted.  unfortunately they were completely unusable after that.  when we looked on the internet it was a known issue."
"our daughter really liked the soothie pacifier that she was given at the hospital as a newborn and we wanted to find more (but in girlier colors).  these looked similar, and for the most part they are, but they are very hard and not soft like the original pacifier our daughter was using.<br />she had a hard time keeping these in her mouth and started to refuse them all together.<br />i'm sure these work great for some people, but they just weren't what we were looking for."
the look is very cheap. it is what one might expect to get for $40-50. it is very plastic i think it's impossible to use whithout mattress pad. my baby is now sleeping on it but its just ''ok''.
"These are cute, but dirt is not something you want to see on your kids pacifier. This pacifier has areas where dirt can collect in and its difficult to clean out properly. I ended up throwing them away after not much use."
"I like these binkies a lot.  However, I cannot stand the fact that I cannot choose my color.  I have a little girl, so I'd love to choose girlie colors.  My other issue is that the ones that come that are more of a clear color are darn near impossible to find if you drop it or if the baby misplaces it.  Especially at night fumbling around int he dark looking for it.<br /><br />Otherwise, both of my babies preferred these binkies."
"I think there a little expensive now, seeing how wal-mart jas the same thing for only $6. But there not wabanub. And for a 3 month old, they really dont like them as much as i thought. But as the baby gets older the baby will like it more."
"I really liked the idea of having wipes handy for when my baby drops his pacifier. But it's only good in theory. The box is too large to carry around in a diaper bag, so I just ended up throwing it on the coffee table. But when we're at home, it's just as easy to wash his pacifier than it is to wipe it. Also, they tend to dry out, even if you have the lid closed! Another annoying thing: it's hard to pull just one out at a time. You pull out 2-3, then have to stuff some back."
"bought for a buddy  but then i had a baby and got one too. i don't think it is meant for baby to actually suck on. seems to be too big for baby even now at a year old. she sucked on it long enough for a few pictures to laugh at. but that is about it. so if you are looking for a quick laugh, then it's funny. if you think baby is going to suck on this on a regular basis, probably not going to happen"
"cute, soft and cudly but alot smaller than what i thought it would be for the price. i ordered it online because my new grand-daughter's room is \\cupcake themed\\, but after seeing how small this blanket was once i received it, i would have been better off to keep looking for something at target or even walmart because i could have found something much bigger that would have been cheaper in price."
Its ok for a new born but for my 5 months old its too soft. I bought it for him to sleep at night and hold on to something (he love to have something for comforting) but this item never work. My recommend is to buy it for 0-3 mos.
I bought this pacifier because my 3 year old had it when he was a baby and he was hooked with it.  then i bought it for my second child because he liked the binky playtex nipples a soon as it shipped he lost interest in the binky.  I guess it a good thing because it not great for their growing teeth.  Waste of money this time.
"I have been buying philips avents pacifiers for my son since he is born,i love love the avents pacifiers for my son because it comes with a cover so whenever not in used i can cover it,how ever my son is now a year old so i decided to get the 6-18 months ones for him ,i don't like that it comes like color may vary i can live with the style may vary but the color i have a son i can't give him a pink pacifier,i would be much more happy if u could have choose for boy or girl."
When I received the item the plastic packaging was open. I was not too happy about that because it was a gift. I was fortunate enough for the actually binky itself to be in a plastic case like covering and still give it as the gift I intended it for.
"The pacifier itself is great, but it doesn't really glow in the dark. I was hoping it would help me (and my baby) find it when he drops it in the middle of the night, but it does not glow at all."
"it is the kind he likes but the wrong size for him now that he is older, i should have gotten a larger one."
"I use these time to time for my newborn. She will use sometimes, but she prefers the avent soothie. When she outgrows the soothie, I plan on using these. I really like the avent products."
"i absolutely love the pictures on this plate.  however, the new, non smooth surfaces on high chairs just don't seem to accept any of the suction products in the market these days.  we have tried a number of them and so far have not had much luck.<br /><br />sadly, the plate did break after a swift toss from our 1 year old. i won't buy another because while i love the images i just can't justify buying another knowing it breaks so easily."
"the chair is built well and sturdy, however, the color received is a mint green plaid, instead of the sage green shown on the web site.  may end up sending back, as it really stands out with my rust and sage color theme. really cute if you like mint green."
this glider is very nice and i love the fabric and size (on the smaller side).  it is however a bit noisy as it glides.
"i like the cheap set from babies r us better, these frayed and got grungy a bit sooner. however, they're all disposable after a couple of months so i can't really complain :) little star is cute to play with on changing table."
this mirror works just fine and was a great price.  i wouldn't hesitate to buy it again.  w have 2 already.
"fits the graco pack n play. seems to wash o.k, no shrinkage. haven't tumble dried it for that reason but it dries quickly. i think a better product is the eddie bauer playard sheet."
"These pacifiers are meant for gifting and pictures, etc. I am sure that they serve their purpose just fine as a pacifier but they are not by any means to be used day in and day out. I would suggest using Nuk, Tomme Tippee, etc."
"These are probably great for other babies, but my twins didn't like these as much as the bigger Soothies. ."
"i got this too early, really can not tell if this is what was expected or not.  i will use it."
"i bought this as a toy to try to get my son to like his crib and have something to entertain him.  he never reallly took to it though, but he was around 4-5 months old when i purchased so maybe i bought it too late for him to enjoy.  he is now 9 months and i put it on the floor for him to play with, while sitting up.  he plays with it a little bit but has more favorite toys.  my complaint with the product itself would be the volume level - it seems really low, even on the highest setting.  you can hear it and maybe if just waking up in a silent room, it would be a quiet toy to entertain.  we use a white noise machine in our son's room though, and that will pretty easily cover the sound of this toy, up."
"whats that's old saying&#34; you pay for what you get&#34;.... well, the comforter was wonderful, the sheet was great, but the pillow was a joke and the diaper stacker. was a laugh. the biggest joke was the bumper pads. very very thin, very very disappointed!!!!!"
"Our son doesn't like this kind of &#34;pointed&#34; style.  We appreciate that it's natural rubber, but our son hasn't taken to it.  If you want a natural rubber paci with a rounded tip, I recommend the Hevea -- that's the one our son likes."
"i am having a horrible time with breastfeeding and have to pump. i thought getting a smaller size would fit better and be more comfortable, but there was no change (there was no change with a bigger size either)<br /><br />they came quickly, and were exactly as advertised. i can't complain about the product or service."
this gate is okay and serves it's purpose.  however the walk thru is very narrow.  i have several gates around my house (different kinds) and this one is my least favorite.
"These are not for babies under six months.  Their mouths aren't ready for something this heavy and big to suck on.  Use the green ones until 6 months!  Also, make sure you boil them for five minutes before you use them (per the microscopic directions!)."
im not so impressed because the paci cannot be removed. the stuff animal always go to my son's nose when his using it.
I saw all the good reviews for this and like that it's all-natural from sustainably produced materials. But it just doesn't stay in my baby's mouth. She hangs on to traditional pacifiers with the plastic shield and even the soothies from the hospital much easier. With this one I have to pick it up and put it back in probably every 10-20 seconds.
None available.
"I really love the concept of this toy/pacifier. And I love how many models you can choose from! It is such a good idea to combine a pacifier with a plush toy. So cute, and so convenient to take in the car, or to give baby at night. I agree with people who say that the pacifier doesn't stay long in their kid's mouth: my baby, too, pulls the pacifier out of her mouth because she keeps grasping and playing with the giraffe. But that's ok with me, as long as she is having fun with it.<br /><br />However, I have to complain about the poor quality of this item:<br />- I saw someone writing that the plush looked like a happy meal toy. Yes, it does, indeed! It is soft enough for my baby to enjoy, but I still feel that for the price it could be somewhat nicer.<br />- The pacifier is not the best. The shape is actually pretty bad. The base of it shouldn't be round and have a 'cut-out' for the nose, like most other pacifiers do.<br />- I HATE that the plush doesn't detach, it makes it so much more difficult to wash. I would actually have liked it if you could detach the plush to wash it, and why not re-attach it to any pacifier, so that you could change the color of the pacifier, upgrade for a 6+ month pacifier, replace it when it is damaged, etc. I get that they don't want you to buy another brand of pacifier, but couldn't they at least make a system where you can remove and attach to this brand of pacifiers, and sell separate pacifiers and plush toys? Kind of a 'mix-n-match' concept? That would be sooooo great!<br /><br />Would these points be solved (and they are easily solved), it would be one of the best items on the market for a young baby. I also bought one for my godson and he loves his so much, too, but his mom has the exact same issues than I do. Anyhow, I don't regret my purchase but hope that Wubbanub will make this product better before I have another baby..."
Not sure why but This was full term even though the description said newborn. Everything else was fine about it.
"My baby loves the handle on these and treats them more like toys to pull in and out of her mouth than as a pacifier. Each baby is different so you'll have to see what works for your child. Definitely fun for her to play with, just wish she liked them for their purpose."
"I bought these because I know my friends used and liked the one-piece pacifiers for their kids, and I was drawn to the fact that these had a cut out for my son's little nose.  They were fine for a little while, when he wasn't using the pacifier for more than a few minutes at a time, but now that he is older and uses his pacifiers to sleep and soothe, the Nuk orthodontic pacifiers, with the handles, etc., are really the way to go."
"i have a two year old son who is very petite and he barely fits in the small opening without spraying eveywhere. i hope that my younger son, who is a bit heaftier, can use it as well. for the price, it does what it's supposed to."
"this closely mimics the way we heat bottles at home. the water stayed hot for several hours and heated her bottle quickly. even heated frozen milk in a storage baggie. i can't attest to whether or not it's bulkier than other warmers but it doesn't really fit in my diaper bag. i usually toss it in the basket under the stroller. my only serious complaint would be that it can be difficult to get the bottle out of the warming sleeve when it's filled with hot water. a simple fix for tommee tippee would be to have a strainer that went in first with little handles to lift the bottle out (like a pasta pot). but if you're looking for a basic warmer, this does the trick."
"this clamp is ok. i can not adjust the height, but compared to other products in market costing 50-60 or even 100 dollars. this clamp serves the purpose of hanging toys in the crib."
this was not worth the $18 in my opinion. my 6 month old is not remotely interested in this thing! my other son who is 8 years old and has severe special needs loves it though!
I found that my newborn liked this style of pacifier for the first three weeks but afterwards he won't take them.
Not quite what I expected. Cheaply made. Took very long to receive item also. Whatever blah blah blah blah blah.
"I bought a second monkey wubbanub after a friend gave me one we loved. Sadly, the new one I bought was neither the same size nor plushness as the first. My guess is it's due to manufacturer or production time differences, but the new one was about 30% smaller in length and stuffing. The fabric was also inferior. The pacifier was the same, though."
"The idea of the product is great. These are wipes that you can use to clean pacifiers, sippy cups, bottle nipples, teethers, or whatever if they happen to fall on the ground (or get thrown...) and you are nowhere near a source of water or soap and can rinse things. They come in a convenient little package, they are disposable, and fit into a diaper bag along with the several other different types of wipes a mom must carry around with her.<br /><br />I purchased these initially from Amazon once, because I had never seen them in stores. Immediately after receiving them in the mail I noticed them in stores, for a significantly lower price than what I had paid. So I stopped buying them on here. I also now prefer [[ASIN:B004HM368U Munchkin 36 Pack Arm and Hammer Pacifier Wipes, White]] instead of the First Years ones.<br /><br />First of all, these are indeed wonderful for when you are not near soap and water and can't rinse things off. But for most people, that is not really often enough to justify the purchase of the wipes or having to carry them around with everything else crammed into a diaper bag. In most situations where I couldn't rinse off something in a sink I didn't have these wipes, I usually had a bottle of water I could pour over the item to rinse it. That's not to say that these aren't useful if maybe you are on a long road trip with few rest areas where you can buy water or rinse things in a bathroom sink, or if you are camping, or if your baby is screaming in the middle of the store and you need to sanitize her pacifier quickly and don't have time to dash to the restroom to use the soap and water. In such cases, these are very useful. But its not an everyday occurrence and something to think about before stocking up on multiple packs.<br /><br />There is the issue with the chemicals and the possible residue. That is why I like the Munchkin brand better now, because these left a sort of oily feeling residue and the Munchkin ones left none. But I do prefer an oily residue over possible bacteria or fungus that might have otherwise been on the item. They have an odd scent which I think is some sort of sugary flavor left on the cup or toy or whatever so the baby doesn't taste the cleaning chemicals. I'm not sure if that bothers me or not, as it is probably a necessary evil. Unfortunately it seems that my daughter didn't like the taste because after using the wipes she never wanted her pacifier, and made a disgusted face when pulling it out of her mouth. She stopped using her pacifier at 3 months. So maybe use these to wipe your pacis down when you are trying to wean your child off them.<br /><br />All things considered, these are pretty good for situations when there is no soap and water, but these are definitely not a replacement for soap and water.an oily residue over possible bacteria or fungus that might have otherwise been on the item. They have an odd scent which I think is some sort of sugary flavor left on the cup or toy or whatever so the baby doesn't taste the cleaning chemicals. I'm not sure if that bothers me or not, as it is probably a necessary evil. Unfortunately it seems that my daughter didn't like the taste because after using the wipes she never wanted her pacifier, and made a disgusted face when pulling it out of her mouth. She stopped using her pacifier at 3 months. So maybe use these to wipe your pacis down when you are trying to wean your child off them.<br /><br />All things considered, these are pretty good for situations when there is no soap and water, but these are definitely not a replacement for soap and water."
"Perhaps I was expecting more of a miracle paci based on reviews... my DD was born at 32.5 weeks and we can't keep the darn thing in her mouth (as most of you paci users already experience).  I decided to give this one a try, hoping that maybe if the paci fell out, it would still stay close enough for her to get back in her mouth on her own.  No such luck.  Also, when she starts vigorously sucking, she gets all excited and starts to pull on the animal, causing the paci to come out.  My sister had one of these with her DS a couple years ago, but I remember the animal being a little more weighted than this pink bear... per another reviewer, perhaps the quality has changed a bit over the years?<br /><br />The nice things about this paci is that it's cute as heck.  Also, when the paci does fall out of her mouth, it doesn't go too far - a problem I had with the paci alone falling on the floor and then me needing a few backups on hand in case I couldn't wash it right away.  I think this would be great for on the go - less likely for this bigger thing to fall out of the carseat (I don't think I quite trust a paci leash with my DD being this little).<br /><br />The one thing I don't like about this is that you can't remove the paci from the animal, so it makes washing a little tricky.  I'm used to having to sterilize everything daily for a preemie and this one you can't really throw in the dishwasher or in the steam basket.  The only way to sterilize is to dip it in boiling water and trying not to get the animal wet.  Based on reviews, doesn't sound like a good idea to throw this guy in the washing machine.  Plus, I'm not sure if I would want my DD's paci in the washing machine anyways.<br /><br />I am hoping as she gets a little bigger and if we decide to stick with a paci, that this will work out better for us.  But at little over 2 months (over 2 weeks gestation), it's not quite as great as I had hoped.  Keeping my fingers crossed that it soon will!"
I bought the transparent ones. Can't find them in the dark or low light condition. Otherwise works well. Buy the white ones
"Let me start off with this.. I do like it, it makes it easy to access the binky at a moments notice but....for the price it isn't worth it... I can barely fit 2 binkys in it, I initially put in on the diaper bag where it was shown on the photo, on the arm, yeah... It slide everywhere and drove me nots, now it is in my bag, which makes it hard to find...other than function, which is why I bought it it is cute..even though nobody cam see it...if it was a dollar I would say it was worth in but not for what I paid for it...."
"the product is really good, but I needed these Philips AVENT BPA to a baby boy, and I came to one pink baby girl"
"the product is really good, but I needed these Philips AVENT BPA to a baby boy, and I came for a baby girl"
its a nice bag but it was too small for me so i returned it and exchanged it for a jj cole caprice diaper bag-vintage poppy (i love it).
ya the inc ones 24mm too freaking small...these are too huge...get 27 mm unless you've got mammoth freaky huge nipples!!
I bought two of these and they are very cute but on one of them the letters are messed up.  Looks like Ink or whatever is used to print the words smeared.  I probably will not be able to give that one as a gift like I wanted to.
"Its cute but it didn't help my problem at all. If you like it because its cute, then you should buy it but if you want it to help with baby being able to keep pacifier in their mouth, don't waste your money. And there is no way to sterilize it because the pacifier does not come off. There is a similar product that detaches from the pacifier which is what I would buy."
"its fine, but a 6 pack is kinda overdoing it. unless you're losing or tearing membranes left and right, they kinda stick you with too many so they can make more money."
the warmer appears to take longer than the recommended times in the instructions to warm up bottles. i think this warmer would be ideal during later stages of feedings when baby has more of a routine but is difficult to use when you have to wait 6+ mins for a small bottle to heat up for late night feedings of infants whom are not on any set schedules.
"Got this for my &#34;graco pack n play playard with bassinet&#34; and it fits perfectly, no gaps. That's the best thing that can be said for it. I really don't like the plastic/vinyl outer shell, and the foam inside is starting to break down after just a few months of use.  I got this as a temporary crib while our regular crib was being shipped for an overseas move. There are much better quality foam mattresses out there, but this was the only one I found in the size I needed. Because I was not sure about the size, I ordered the pack n play first, then measured for the mattress.  This should resolve any issue with gaps that other reviewers were having. Just want to add that I have a 31 inch suitcase, and this mattress rolled up and fit in that suitcase with the pack n play, with room to spare for toys.  It travels well."
The fabric is a bit too thin. I decided to use the wet bag for my pumping accessories. The pacifier pouch is great.
My baby loves NUK pacifiers- I ordered the yellow and red but the red looks like pink in real life just an FYI.
does not work if you prepare your own baby food since even a little difference in puree texture and the food wont come out! bummer.. i really wanted it to work!
"first off my wife and i have a new born and a 1.5yr old toddler. and we needed something that would fit our needs and lifestyle so we went with the bumbleride indie twin. since this is the only option available for a car seat adapter it gets a 5 star, but there are things that could be improved for security, ergonomics and use of this adapter so i had to lower the score down to a 3.<br /><br />this car seat adapter for the bumbleride indie twin works as described but it's not as secure as i'd hoped for the car seat.<br /><br />when first installing the adapter the instructions don't clearly tell you which way the adapter should be inserted. you must place it so that the bar is closer to the seat for it to function properly. there is also a safety strap to make sure your carseat is secure but it is not as secure as i would have imaged it to be, and the strap can interfere with getting your baby in and out of the car seat as it must be unclasped to get at your baby. unclasping the babyseat then poses the risk of the babyseat coming out while you're taking the baby out.<br /><br />the car seat adapter acts much like putting your car seat on a shopping cart but with a safety strap. we have a britax chaperone car seat and had a b-ready stroller for when we just had one child. the car seat with  b-ready was very secure and convenient to use. basically made it one with the stroller base. wife decided that she didn't like the idea of our kids riding tandem and she preferred the bumbleride the most out of all the double-wide strollers.<br /><br />so the benefit of this universal car seat adapter is that you can use any car seat you like.<br /><br />in terms of use, the stoller does not fold with the adapter in place. i find that when closing the stroller with the adapter the stroller won't lock shut, it's about a quarter inch too far away. i am afraid if i try and force the stroller closed with it on it will break something.<br /><br />as for removal of the adapter or any seat accessory for that matter (like the snack tray), the snaps to unlock the accessory are difficult to get to. i have average sized hands (medium sized gloves) and i have a difficult time with getting my fingers to the snaps. others with larger hands may have even a more difficult time than i do.<br /><br />as far as car seat fit goes, i can only speak to the fit of the britax chaperone seat, and it does fit. the safety strap goes were you would place the seatbelt when you are not using the car seat base. but as i mentioned earlier this interferes with getting your baby in and out of the seat. if you don't use it the car seat is not secure in the stroller.<br /><br />if you need to carry two car seats i am not sure the stroller is wide enough to handle an additional carseat. the snack tray will not fit while the car seat adapter and car seat are in place, and i could not imagine a second car seat fitting on the stroller.<br /><br />if you already own a bumbleride indie twin, you really have no choice but to buy this adapter if you must carry a car seat. but if you are considering upgrading to bumbleride indie twin from a single i recommend going into a physical store that carries a lot of different double strollers and trying it out. there's no ultimate solution for a newborn and a toddler, and no double stroller was clearly the winner. bumbleride offered the best universal fit for car seats however. we were close to getting a city select, but they did not have car seat adapters for britax car seats, and bugaboo was nice and light but didn't offer enough stability for an active lifestyle and also did not have a car seat adapter for our car seat.<br /><br />(sorry for the scattered thoughts in this review)"
"smaller than i expected, similar to air fresheners you might put in your shoes.  in my view, they should be twice the size they are. not sure how effective they are given the small size. will look for other alternatives for next purchase. that said, they are good size for a diaper bag."
When they say color may vary they mean that if you have a boy you will get pink pacifiers which is not very good. But overall they are good pacifiers and my baby likes them
None available.
My baby didn't like them at all. She put it in her mouth and gagged so she hasn't use them again. I also put them in the sterilizer and came all sticky and white. They are kind of pricey and for us didn't work.
These are really cute pacifiers but my daughter does not like them. She has used AVENT pacifiers since day 1 and is now 6 weeks old. She will not even begin to suck on these which saddens me because they are really cute. She just doesn't prefer the angled nipple on them.
The idea is great but I wouldn't buy another one. It would be better if the lamb was detachable. Not only for cleaning purposes but also to be able to switch out the pacifier that's connected to it.
It's cute but not exactly like the picture the handle of it is sparkly but not the rest of it like the picture.
"My wife and I really do like these Pacifiers. They work well enough (especially for the price) and our SMALL for her age daughter loves them. At 7 months our daughter is still wearing 3 month clothing and can't take a large paci. These are just the right size and are great now that she is mobile.<br /><br />The one negative (for us) with these is that they wear out/break way too quickly. I'm ok with this due to the price, but I'd be sure to buy more than one."
the clothes are made well but  purchased them for my grand daughter's vermont teddy bear and they are very tight
"this chart is really cute. i have a owl theme in my daughters bedroom, and found this fit in perfectly. i love the 3 cutouts for pics, and so does my daughter (who is now 3.) so the looks of it is great, but since it doesn't have a continuous &#34;ladder&#34; of inches, it gets harder to keep exact or even almost exact measures. i am almost a perfections and love to keep the right records. otherwise, great price, since most other wooden charts are $40+."
"i hardly feel like this toy can turn my child into einstein, but this is a good car toy.  it's not annoying and it keeps them entertained when they are getting restless."
it's okay. it doesnt seem to be the best quality but you do get what you pay for. one or two pieces had bad dings and scratches in it but we needed it too soon to send back for replacement. it is supposed to convert but not sure how well it will look once we get to that stage.
love the material and softness of these washcloths. they are a nice large size; could also be used as burb cloths.
"i loved this item and so did my daughter. i should've listened to the reviews. the sound portion of the machine broke after 2weeks. i purchased this item b/c it has continuous play unlike the cloud b sleep machines. the projector is bright and colorful. the sounds were great, a little static but it served it's purpose until it broke. sending the item back for a replacement. hopefully it won't happen again."
"if you are sucked into purchasing a baby spa, then this is perfect.  but basically, it is a bucket for your baby.  your local hardware store has one much cheaper.  i purchased for my sister, and after she used it, she said basically the same thing.  ahh... the joy of being a first time parent!"
"this sling came with an informative dvd making it easy to learn how to use.  it's also pretty with bright colors and the material is great quality.  i rated this item only okay (3 stars) because<br />1.  i felt that the one shoulder i was wearing the sling on was a bit sore afterwards and my daughter is only 12 pounds<br />and<br />2.  if my daughter was at all fussy, it was a nightmare to get her in the sling."
i purchased this item to help protect the crib mattress against leaky diapers.  after two nights i removed it and will probably put it on the changing pad instead.  i would find my 5 month old pulling at the corners to chew/suck on it.<br /><br />it's only one pad-  it pilled a bit after washing.<br />it is soft and definitely seems to keep water at bay
"this is great to divide different items for your child's snack, but you can't spin the top to go to each section in the container. i have found its easier to take the lid off and on."
"Cute product. Great for photos, but baby doesn't take to it as well as standard pacifiers. Keeps spitting it out."
"Good to have around.  Can fit two of most pacifiers in here if you cram them in, or one of the soothies.  One is attached to the diaper bag at all times."
"my daughter loved the sucking, but the nipple was just too much work.  she out grew it quickly.  would not purchase again."
"simply, this is a nice crib bedding set, but the color on the screen doesn't is richer and more vibrant than what is in the box.  we were able to deal with it and paint the room according to the color of the blanket."
"compared to the moby wrap's cotton that's just too hot in warm climates, this wrap is made of a &#34;breathing&#34; perforated material that is impervious to water ... but the same material is not elastic. just sayin'..."
"this type of nipple works on the glass bottles from avent, and, since i wanted to avoid using the plastic bottles, i had to get these nipples. in the advertisement it is claimed that these nipples assure natural flow with a twin anti-colic valves. and, when the flow actually flows the nipples work fine. however, i had thrown out two of the nipples out of pure frustration when the formula would not flow! this never happened with the previous type of nipples from philips that came with the plastic bottles. why would the flow work some times and not others i have no idea, but here is what i do now: there are small grooves on the opposite edges of the nipple (one of them right by the number indicator), so i align one of the grooves with the small notch in the plastic screw-cap thing that attaches the nipple to the bottle. this works most of the time, and if the flow gets stuck, i push on the nipple with the finger at the place where the groove meets the notch and blow at it for a second or two. that seems to solve the flow issue and all is well again. how is this a natural flow? well it sort-of works, and you really haven't got much choice if you use the glass bottle from philips, but this nipple issue has be to resolved at some point."
"I purchased this to use in a Graco Pack 'n Play while visiting family.  It fits very nicely, with no gaps, but I was a little put off by the material.  We have a firm crib mattress from Da Vinci at home, and this mattress seemed much more firm.  It's also covered in plastic, not fabric; although it's nice not to need a waterproof mattress pad, it winds up being very noisy if your baby moves, rustling the sheet against the plastic.  I would have preferred a fabric cover, and either buying a waterproof pad myself if I was using the mattress a lot, or just forgoing it and risking ruining the mattress, since it's fairly inexpensive and we were only using it for a short time.<br /><br />I know these aren't huge issues, but the bottom line is that my baby did not sleep well on it, and since we were in the same room, neither did we.  She adjusted quickly to the new surroundings and napped just fine in her usual Rock 'n Play, so I don't think it was just the fact that we were traveling.  She fidgeted the entire night (which kept us up all night with the rustling on the plastic!) and woke up much more frequently.  It was, however, an improvement over the 'mattress' that comes with the Pack 'n Play, and for the price, I am glad that we purchased it.  If you are using the Pack 'n Play as a primary place for sleeping, though, I would try to find something more like a regular crib mattress."
"Overall, this pacifier was good, but every time it was dropped it did not close like it was supposed to. It completely defeated the purpose."
I bought this WubbaNub thinking it would be heavy enough to lay on my sons chest and keep the pacifier in his mouth but I did not work. The animal is very light and didnt hold anything in place. My son is now almost a year old and he just chews on the pacifier and likes holding onto the animal but I wouldnt spend the money on it again.
cute idea but i thought i would b able to change the binky out but its permanently attached.  kinda hard to clean. daughter preferred to chew the elephant.
"This is the only paci my baby will take. I ordered this paci and knew that I didn't have a choice with the colors. I was hoping for gender neutral colors. Anyway, I have a boy and received a 2 pack of red and hot pink pacifiers. Ugh, I don't understand why we can't pick our own colors. Frustrating!"
"This is a nice pacifier attacher, but you don't get to choose a color. I'm expecting a boy and recieved a purple and pink item. Thankfully, I know someone having a girl, it's not worth the shipping costs to send it back. Buy at the store if you want this particular item."
"it was a little smaller than the pack n play which causes it to have a gap all around, not so good with a little one sleeping on it."
"I wanted to give my breast fed twin boys a paci to calm them when I couldn't get one of them. I had the nuk but they didn't really like it. I bought this one, for the price it was worth it. They won't really take it all the time but they have liked this one more then the other."
"When my baby looses the pacifier at night I'm having a hart time to find it in the dark. The clear material is absolutely invisible on our crib mattress cover with colorful patterns.<br />The glow feature is also not working at all. The handle stay illuminated only for few minutes after exposure to a very strong light, which we try to avoid at night time when putting baby to bed, however. During the day it's mostly OK, but definitely not good for night time."
One of my twin daughters (fraternal) gags on this due to the size of the nipple being too large.  Otherwise it is ok.
I'm sure there are some babies out there that will only use this type of MAM but my son didn't like it. He couldn't keep it in his mouth. So we will be sticking with the other MAM type pacifiers. I don't really know how to rate this because the MAM products are great but my son just didn't like this one so that is why I gave it three stars.
"i actually called up graco to ask if the hard surface on the bottom was safe for a toddler to bump his head against as he's trying to walk & move around.  they seemed to think it was perfectly fine, but i don't feel good about leaving him unattended.  they should either have a more cushioned mat that comes with the pack & play or at least sell one that's optional."
"okay item, just as pictured, affordable.  very pretty style.  finish is a bit uneven and stinky when first out of box, will scratch easily, shelves are cheap cardboard-like laminate that show dust easily and will collapse if over weighted.  best use is for temporary changing table or shelving unit.  included changing mat is very thin and the security strap totally useless, we bought a better pad for the top.  rolling wheels will not stay put even when &#34;locked&#34;, finish will rub off easily and mark up your wall paint, and it is very hard to remove from walls!<br /><br />i do not expect us to use this for much longer, at 7 mos our little girl is already almost too tall to fit,and if she wiggles can get the whole shelf moving wildly, and she is not a tall or big baby.  we bought this at $99, if we had it to do again i would try to get this second hand."
"ok so i tried this out for the first time today with a 5 week old in a (chico keyfit) car seat and a tall almost 4 year old.  the seat for the big kid really only works if there is no car seat as the front seat has to recline in order to fit the car seat.....so my 4 yr old was cramped in an awkward position.....we did a quick 20 minute walk and he stayed seated but any longer and he would have has to get out....<br />it does have a lightweight frame but add the car seat and kids and its pretty hard to manouever.  i will be avoiding steps for sure.  i had to take the kids out of it to get out of my house and i could not get down one step with them in it.<br />i feel its maybe the better of a bad bunch of these stand on carraiges....then again it is hard to make it easy to cart 2 kids around on anything...its ok for a quick walk to the park or around the neighborhood but other than that its a bit awkward to go far in.  i paid $127 which i think is good , considering my chicco lightweight carraige was about that.  if i had paid any more i would be annoyed as i will really only use it once in a while...."
"i should have sized up as i wasn't able to get this thing on.  although i can't wear the one that i own (need to exchange) i feel that it is made well and has a lot of potential to be great.  if you are thinking of ordering one, please size up."
"the red slide to open from the top work poorly.  i love that it is a nicer container than the ones that come pre filled, but the red opening needs to be reworked."
"these worked perfectly for what i wanted them for.  i bought them for wedding favors and used them as the picture indicates.  i made my own white chocolate sea shells and placed them in the bags.  the bags are plastic, like a plastic beach bag.  the only thing: they are very small.  i was able to fit about 3-4 medium sized chocolates into them.  but, like i said, perfect for what i wanted them for.  they were very cute and a huge hit!"
"i think this cooler has a lot of potential but like other reviews have mentioned, no matter how careful i was with the freezer packs they ended up bursting/falling apart, the gel got everywhere. i think the plastic the gel sits in is very flimsy and possibly got caught with the zipper. i now use regular ice packs in the cooler. i love the size, i like how at least 5-6 regular sized medela bottles fit in there. i don't like that only four tommy tippee bottles fit in it though."
"served their purpose, but broke very fast, and it's also too small.  i liked the vital baby baby's 1st food pots, 7 ounce, 4 pack better, they are much sturdier and more space."
"worked great while baby was exclusively breastfed. but as he started with solids, the dekor totally reaked. we have had to put dirty diapers in little diaper bags and tie them up and then throw them into the pail to make it manageable."
"as expected for the price, this dresser is almost entirely made of partial board. it looks fairly nice and seems sturdy enough, however, so don't let that scare you away.<br /><br />however, the construction was a nightmare. you will build literally every element of this dresser. i've built my fair share of cheap furniture, and this was definitely the most tedious.<br /><br />once you finally get everything assembled, expect some degree of difficulty getting the drawers to line up correctly.it took my husband and i 30.minutes on this step alone.<br /><br />overall, i would probably not buy this again. there are so many alternatives that have the same price point and style that i'd take my chances on something else."
"this item is kind of bulky, and i wouldnt reccommend it for shorter people because it does come up quite high. i am 5'10'' and have no problem reaching over it but my 5'0'' friend said she couldn't. it goes out past the sides so we have to slide it back and forth to get to the drawers at either side of the stove. it does seem to do it's job at preventing little fingers from fiddling with the knobs though. my biggest issue is that you can't open and close your oven with it in place, or it will just fall out. we have to take it off at least a couple times a week and it is so big and gets greasy and then where do you put it? the kitchen table? the couch? also, when i take it off and clean it i have a hard time adjusting it back to the right position, so the supports get all loose or out of place. i am still using it because our stove knobs are really easy to manipulate, but it is kind of a pain!"
"the product and service are excellent, but my grandson just wasn't very interested in it.  it was pretty boring.  the only thing it does is roll."
"there are several features about this diaper that i really like.<br />it has an opening on both sides and comes with 2 inserts.<br /><br />i don't like that the cover does not seem to be super water proof.  every time i use this diaper my 1 year old leaks.<br />it would also be nice if there was a hip snap to hold things in place.<br /><br />  overall it is not horrible, but i will probably not go out of my way to buy more of this brand."
My baby will suck on these but she doesn't seem to be able to keep them in her mouth. She nurses on the mams plugs much longer and happier
"I bought several of the wubbanub pacifiers and we love them! This particular one is really cute, however it doesn't lay like the others. The legs are short and don't spread out so it tends to tip over all the time."
"The picture shows 2 solid color pacifiers. I received 2 translucent pacifiers. They look much more modern, not at all the style I like."
I received 3 packs that were blue night time pacifiers. They are great. I also received 3 pink packs that were pictured as blue and green. They are for a boy. So we need to send them back. There were no color choices when ordering.
"My previous review was denied, and does follow review guidelines. This is what I said previously:<br /><br />Got the package within two days, and for that I am happy!  I am only disappointed that I was unable to choose colors.  I did leave a note that these were for a boy, but received a pink and a purple.<br /><br />3/5 stars for an awesome product with fast shipping but docked for inability to choose the colors of an item you pay for."
"matches jake set. very adorable rug. husband noticed that detail is not meticulous, over all very minimal but would have liked it to to be perfect. purchased aug 2012"
"the toy box itself looks nice and seems like it will be functional for its purpose. however, the actual assembly of the box very difficult. this was because the manufacturer forgot to drill the holes on the front side of the box for the crossbars. i had to go purchase drill bits and drill the holes myself. this turned what should have been a quick put-together into a huge project. otherwise, it was mostly fine. the board in the bottom doesn't slide in or stay in easily during assembly but i don't know if that is because of an issue with the product beyond this or just from the holes i had to drill myself."
"the inside is soooooooo soft. i really like this diaper but there is just way too much wing droop. my daughter is 32inches and 20lbs with a tiny waist. i have to snap in on the 4th button for her and the wings hang out the side. i find it to big in the waist to really love. also its not very trim between the legs. other than that i love the softness, the gussets, and its extremely well made."
"so far (we have it since my son was like 10 months and now he is 14 months) it has worked pretty good. i wonder how helpful this will be once my son is a little bit older ( 18 months or so).<br />update: as i presumed, this product was great but just for a little while. my now 15 old months old figured out how to get rid of it a month ago. as i said before,, good product but just for a litle while..."
"this may was just okay for the price. the blanket was very soft, however there was almost no padding in the mat, i wouldnt even say it was a half inch thick. i spent more than the mat cost buying extra quilt batting and material to make it thicker."
"i was the mom that was worried about flat head syndrome, especially for my little girl who i wanted to grow up with a perfectly shaped head. =)<br />i purchased this pillow, after talking with my friend who recommended it. it's quite pricey for what it is but i figured how could i put a price on having a nice shaped head for my baby.<br /><br />as a small infant, i bought this when she was about 2 months old, she didn't like it very much and would wake up when we would put her on it. it took some time for her to get used to it. i only used it for about a month or two (until she could start rolling over) and i guess it helped the shape. i wasn't that great with making her do tummy time as a newborn, but eventually they get better at it and because i thought i didn't do enough tummy time, that probably added to me making the decision to get this pillow.<br /><br />the back of her head isn't flat but my husband (who is very observant) thinks this pillow made a different shape to her head. the shape of a baby head that was in a donut shape... i can't really describe what shape that is.... i see what he is saying but its better than a flat back of the head and i know now that she's 6 months old and sleeping all over the crib in various positions, i think her head would have rounded out on its own anyway.<br /><br />this is not a must have item in my opinion. its a good to have item if you are paranoid about the shape of your baby's head, but i think what the books and dr's say is true- unless the baby only likes to sleep on his/her back even as older kids, they will eventually round out their head anyway. but if you talk to my friend she would tell you to buy two- but her baby's head isn't perfectly shaped either. i see the shape my husband refers to as \\looks like its been in the donut\\ shape more prominently on my friends baby's head..."
"we were excited to purchase the product after reading about such good reviews on it.  in general we are happy with all of it's functions.  our only problem is that the battery seems to die out fairly fast.  we did everything according to the instruction manual (charging it fully before use, draining it each time, etc etc), and still it seems like the battery is only good for one use for the entire day.<br /><br />that's the only thing i would wish they would improve about the product, otherwise it serves its purpose well."
"Believed it or not I wanted my kid to take a pacifier, but he just didn't like them. I breastfeed and he prefers to pacify on the breast. We purchased this in an attempt to try all different kinds to find one he may like. However, he does love to chew on this, you can tell he loves the feeling on his gums. And he may like the smell as it has a very distinct one. At the end of the day, I am not unhappy about this purchase. I think it is worth a try if you are looking for a new pacifier."
"i started to like the idea of cotton nursing pads and was looking forward to using these. realized that the diameter was too small to cover your breast while still looking like a natural shape. i use the lansinoh which are the best out there because it's got a dry layer, great coverage, and contoured to fit breast naturally so you can't see outline. all lacking with these cotton ones. they are thicker than disposables and flat."
"i was informed last minute that my aunt was throwing a baby shower for my mother, and i couldn't make it. as a result, i was shopping around for a gift that i could have shipped to the house. i thought these looked cute and wasn't too disappointed when i saw then, although the quality isn't great. the monkey images are just stickers and the one on the pacifier has faded pretty fast (not a huge deal, but still  . . .). my biggest complaint is that the product doesn't describe the nipple size. i assumed that the 4oz ones would work for a baby under three months, but the flow was too high. now that she is 3 mos old and eating somewhere closer to 6oz, she can finally use them. basically, i don't think we're going to get a whole lot of use out of the smaller bottles and, had the product description warned me of that, i probably would have elected to buy something else."
"I like that this is one piece and it's a cute color - but with my baby (2 months old), he has trouble keeping it in his mouth especially compared to the NUK pacis."
"Works as well as other Wubs, but not as cute as pictured. The giraffe has a longer, flimsy neck and different coloring pattern. My baby still likes and uses it though."
Timer does not work at all. Volume has basically 2 settings high and very high.<br />Would get more stars if it were cheaper.
"We bought this pacifier to go with my baby's first Halloween costume.  He was a bat, so we added the paci to make him a vampire bat.  It's cute, but very heavy.  It has the same nipple as a Nuk brand pacifier.  Also, it is not purple like the picture shows.  The lips and tongue are red.  I wish it really was purple since my baby's costume was black and purple."
My 17 month old son loves this pacifier - however - the problem is that it is addictive! Babies love it so they don't want to be separate from it and he is contstantly asking for it. It was the first pacifier he was introduced to so her will not take any other pacifier. This is a huge headache because its very hard to find them in some stores and when we lost it while on vacation we had a very very hard day. Even though it is the best pacifier and the most satisfying for children I will NOT buy it again for my future kids because its so hard to find them and different from other pacifiers so if your child likes this one they won't take any other.
"I love the concept of these! The problem is, my daughter won't use them. The entire pacifier is rubbery and soft, and she won't use it as a pacifier. She doesn't really like playing with them either - I thought maybe it would work as a sort of teether. I think you might have to start off your baby with these type of pacifiers, because I think switching from a 'normal' style to these won't work well."
"It is cute but definitively MUCH smaller and cheaper looking than the one on the picture. About half the size I would say. It is easier to find the pacifier when it falls and I think eventually my baby will be able to put it in his mouth, but the pacifier does not detach to the toy so you can not change the pacifier for another shape or to sterilize it."
"I was very excited to get this. It's not horrible but it really doesnt do what i hoped it would. i thought this would help the pacifier stay put, but the stuffed animal is really really light. It doesnt stay put and makes it easier for my daughter to knock it out of her mouth on accident. I also wish it came with an ortho pacifier."
These pacifiers are super cute! My little one seemed to really like them! So much she has been sticking the entire pacifier in her mouth. These also tend not to stay in as.well when she sleeps at night compared with the pacifiers that dont have a.handle on them.
"I loved the idea of a natural rubber pacifier, since I want to expose baby to as few toxic substances as possible. I bought these, as well as some [[ASIN:B003O1IA1S Bornfree Coolflow Pacifiers 2 Pk]], which are BPA and phalate free. Baby did not seem to have a preference as far as nipple shape on the pacifiers, but disliked when the rounded part of the pacifier would smash his nose. I was concerned about it when he slept, because it blocked his nose airways and seemed like it made him uncomfortable. Ultimately, the idea was better than the execution of the product, and we now exclusively use the Born Free pacifiers."
way small but super well made.  love theaterial but can't saying more about it since couldn't even use them cause they were sooo tiny. and cute
"These are really nice, but my daughter did not take to them. They seemed a bit bulky in her mouth. Hopefully we can save them for when she is a little older and see if she likes them then."
this bottle was better than some but not the best for us. i like the shape as it is like a breast and allows for a good latch however the nipple is somewhat awkwardly shaped and not very flexible. my little one didn't like it. also the venting could be better as well. the best bottle that we have found is the playtex that uses the drop in liners...shaped perfectly and is soft/flexible and the drop in liners allow for proper suction/venting.
"we received the tuscany about 1.5 weeks ago and when we first opened it up, the crib had a very strong paint smell to it. we didn't immediately put it together because we were concerned about the smell and whether it was safe. we called storkcraft and talked to a representative about the product. they noted that the paint is non-toxic and they recommend ventilating it for 1-2 weeks in a well ventilated area to reduce the smell. we then researched on the materials and laws required for baby furniture manufacturers and re-verified with storkcraft via their customer service line.<br />we decided to give the crib a try after much research and verification that they did use non-toxic paints and the board did not contain formaldehyde-based products.<br />we have been airing it out for about 1 week now and so far the smell has subsided. so far, so good...<br /><br />installation of the crib was simple enough and instructions were clear.<br />the paint on the wood scratched a bit when i scraped a screwdriver on it due to missing the screw head. i would recommend that if your child chews on the crib, you should check to make sure - despite the paint being non-toxic.<br />it seems sturdy and we tried letting our daughter nap in it today. so far, so good..."
"This pacifier is nicely made and easy to clean, being all one piece of rubber, but my son prefers teh Nuk brand pacifiers.<br /><br />We were given this brand at teh hospital, so we assumed it was a great pacifier to use, but my son just never latched on to it.  I believe the shape of the nipple, and the thickness of the rubber make it too hard for him to grip with his lips.<br /><br />Also, i wasnt' really a fan of the part you are supposed to grab it from.  the little tab just isn't easy or comfortable to hold, especially when trying to wiggle it in an unhappy baby's mouth."
I got these because my baby just would not take the flat teat style ones that are so common nowadays.  I live in Singapore and it took a while for the package to reach me and in the interim managed to find a more traditional style pacifier from Pidgeon but  with an olive shaped teat.  It's possible I would think more highly of the soothie if I had not tried the Pigeon pacifier first.  My baby  will take the soothie but does not prefer it over the pigeon one.  The problem with the Soothie is that it falls out of his mouth really easy.  If he lets up sucking for a moment it falls out of his mouth.  If it happens to roll out of his cot (which seems to happen more frequently than a regular pacifier) it always lands teat side down (regular pacifiers are more likely to land teat side up).  Additionally there is no cover for the soothie and it is more difficult to teather to a stroller or car seat so it is not a great pacifier to travel with.  In short:  I will use the soothies as back-ups as baby will take them but will not be buying more as a regular pacifier with an olive shaped teat is better
"I've heard a few people swear by these things, so obviously they work well for lots of kids.  My baby though would gag whenever she got the nipple into her mouth.  Not really sure why... but she never had Soothies in the hospital or anything and prefers the Avent pacifiers with the wider, flatter nipple.  Also, like many others have noted, it would have been nice if it could be sterilized.  I held the monkey over a pot of boiling water, being careful not to get the nose of the monkey too wet while the pacifier boiled.  Not sure how well it worked, but better than nothing!  The monkey could've been a bit heavier too, as it often fell off of my baby. (She's 4 months, so this would work way better for a kid still being swaddled.)"
"I have the avent pacifier with cap but it slips all the time when it is in her mouth, so I decided to try this. Same as the one from the hospital. It holds in the mouth, it's just stiff a bit. Could be better if it has a cap for sanitary purposes. It was just okay."
i bought this for my 5 month old as a christmas present after reading all the great reviews about it. she is not that interested in this toy right now. she has other toys that have the touch/feel/sound concept similar to this one and likes them but doesn't seem to like this one. maybe she will with time...
"i thought this little invention would solve our nightly issue of fussiness b/c of a lost pacifier. perhaps if the soothie pacifiers weren't so huge, my baby girl could keep it in her mouth. the wubbanub would have worked perfectly if the design of the pacifier was different. i'll try again when she \\finds her hands\\, maybe she will be able to place it into her own mouth then. if not, it was just another gimmick i fell for."
"i am throwing my sister's baby shower and i purchased these thinking that they would be perfect for the \\don't say baby\\ game. these pins are teeny tiny. like the length of half of my pinky finger. i guess i figured they would be a bit bigger, based on how you play the game..."
I tried this pacifier after reading the reviews and my son liked it better than the Tommie Tippie ones I got from my shower. My life would be much easier if he liked them. But the one thing that I loved is that thy came in individually wrapped sterilized bag so I could start using them right away!
Bulkier looking than what I was expecting. It kind of protrudes out of my daughter's mouth. it served it's purpose for that one day and a few others since she likes pacifiers. It is very cute and got great reactions.
"wanted the newton's cradle for my grandchildren. for adult use it is fine but small & too delicate for children, it tangles very easily."
This Wubbanub is very adorable and my daughter loves it! I gave it three stars because it's really a pain to clean
"ordered for my sons baptism. the quality was great and it looked so cute, but the buttons wouldn't stay shut and i had to safety pin the crotch to keep it in place. this may have been because it was too small......but my son is 19 lbs, 10 months old so i thought  the 12 mo size would be perfect. it was up top but the legs were short and again hard to keep buttoned shut. otherwise great, just double-check the sizing,"
i was really excited about this product as it has the potential for the batteries to be replaced yourself unlike the \\other\\ turtle thermometer.  after a short time ours fogged under the temperature window and when i opened it up the wire connections had corroded.  i replaced the batteries hoping that the corrosion was too minor to make a difference but after that it just stopped working all together.
"i received this item and was disappointed about the color.  the strips are in bright pink instead of the more plum like color shown on the website.  other than that, the bag is nicely constructed."
"nice sturdy toy, but did not hold the baby's attention for long.  i expected more from baby einstein toys. it was ok, but nothing to write home about."
"i was very happy with this bath tub, works good for a half year.i wish could be more strong so could last long."
"Our baby is currently 5 weeks old and I think he's a little young for the Binkibear. He doesn't have good movement yet and ends up either yanking the bear (and the pacifier) out of his mouth, or it causes the pacifier to sit crooked in his mouth. Its a fabulous product that we will have to put away until he's old enough."
the only problem i have with this product is that it just isn't loud enough. i love the way you can combine sounds and the size of the machine fits perfect on my bedside table.
i've been trying to use it on my son for a week. claims it's 90% effective so my son must be the 10%. shipping and quality were great.
this teether does not work well for younger babies.  here's why:  doesn't fit well in mouth:  this teether is too wide to fit comfortable into my son's mouth (he's six months).  at best he can use it on his front teeth and even this is difficult for him.  even as he gets bigger i think the teether will still be too big to comfortably reach his back teeth.    difficult to hold/manipulate:  the length of this teether (about 6 1/2 inches) and the fact that it twists makes it very difficult for me son to hold this and get it into his mouth on his own.    too hard/heavy:  like most young babies my son manages to hit himself in the head with just about anything he can get his hands on.  this teether is made out of a hard plastic type material and is fairly thick meaning it can definitely leave a mark if your child hits him/herself with it.    i think that this teether would work pretty well for older babies.  the rings make a nice rattling sound to capture a babies attention and an older baby would probably enjoy twisting the teether around and sliding the rings around the teether.
"i bought this product for my new baby because i liked the reviews on it ,the biggest problem with it that is not a car seat cover ,,it is a fancy blanket ,so it will keep your baby cozy and warm but you can not cover the whole car seat and seal the cold weather out and have a little window in there for your baby to look through and breath through,i guess i should have looked closer at the picture of the product,so unfortunately i will have to buy another one that would help in the colder weather,this one maybe for the cold summer nights or as a simple blanket .the material is nice though and i like the design."
"Such a cute little bear, and I love that you can throw it in the wash! I wish the bear was a little bigger tho-my 3 month old son can't really utilize it yet."
i got these for my ebf baby to try to avoid nipple confusion. they look cute and i liked that they are easy to clean (no trapped water in the nipple) but he just got this confused look on his face when i gave it to him and spit it out. i think the nipple is too square. we ended up with the big green soothies like everyone has and he loves them. no problems with confusion
the sheets and mattress pad work very well.  they should fit any standard size pack and play. the only problem is you have to disengage the mattress from the frame to use the mattress pad and sheet.  would have been better if they put \\button\\ holes where the velcro straps are to keep the mattress flat in the bottom of the pnp.
"this mei tai is ok, i bought it to replace a 'mei tai baby' brand mei tai that was lost during our last move. i ended up returning this one to repurchase a mei tai baby one (most of theirs are custom made in the usa so it takes a few weeks to get one but the price is the same as this ready made version).<br /><br />the good:<br />-this carrier style (mei tai) is great for many sizes of babies, i've used mine with three of my kids and it's my favorite carrier style, i even prefer it to my ergo<br />-it's adjustable and will fit most any mom, i've even used one while pregnant<br />-this freehand mei tai comes in cute fabric patterns and trendy colors<br /><br />the bad:<br />-when using a mei tai (this one or any brand) the straps with drag on the ground when you're putting it on unless you're really, really tall<br />-there is a bit of a learning curve to putting it on and getting the baby in, looking up videos and pictures online is very helpful<br />-the fabric of this freehand brand is not very high quality and mine had some stitches that were crooked, the fabric was rough and was already starting to fray after just a couple uses<br />-this mei tai seems overpriced for the quality, you can get a much higher quality one for the same price (mei tai baby and baby hawk are the two big brands but many other are out there, you can also download patterns to make your own)<br />-the fabric of this mei tai is slicker than other mei tais, i didn't feel the tie was as tight and safe as it is with rougher fabrics"
"As a mother of twins, I look for things to make my life easier and keep the boys happy.  I purchased the Mango Monkey and MVP bear.  Both were sent by different vendors and one got here a day later than the other by Parcel Post.  Both took way too long to get here.  My boys are almost four months old and cannot keep them in.  They like to hold them, but they end up pulling them out every time.  The monkey already has a tear and my son has had it for only two weeks. They are cute and my boys do like them, but it is not fun having to put them back in their mouths every few minutes."
"I bought this for my newborn. As a first time mom, I wanted to make sure that everything that baby touches is germ-free. I've used this wipe on several occassion to quick clean her pacifiers after its been sitting out for several days. When I try to give her the paci after the cleaning, she spits it back out and gives me a disgusting taste face. Apparently baby isn't a fan of the after-taste these wipes leave behind. I'll still keep these to clean her plastic toys, but won't be buying anymore."
"I bought these for a friend at her babyshower, when she had the baby these were the only pacifiers she used during Cardinals season. Super cute and she loved them so it made the ridiculious price worth wild. Because $10.00 is really too much for these."
"The picture featured here is misleading. You get 2 pacifiers, not 4. Amazon should really take that image down. The pacifiers themselves are fine."
"We can usually fit three green Soothie pacifiers in one, or four NUK.With two little ones being about to grab the right pacifier quickly has been great.  One of them has had the velco  come off, so it won't stay closed, but we still use it."
the color and pattern are as expected from the photo and i like the design/ look of the bumper.  the quality is below average.  one of the strings broke off after a couple of weeks and it looks/ feels flimsy.  i spent quite a bit more on another one from pottery barn and can definatley tell the difference in quality.
"The pacifier in the picture is not the one that we received.<br /><br />I normally do not write these types of reviews and don't like it when I see these because it does not review the product.  But I don't want anyone else to go through what I did.<br /><br />The one that we received is the regular Avent, which we can buy in the store for less.  Our daughter does love the regular ones.<br /><br />I noticed that the picture has now been changed (11/15/2011)."
"I was looking for a First Essential pacifier that looks exactly like this one for my grandson.  However, this nipple is a little smaller than the one he currently uses and he can tell the difference and refuses to take it."
"These pacifiers are average, not bad, but there is definitely better. My son is now five months and does not use a pacifier at all. Between five weeks and four months he really seemed to prefer the GumDrop Pacifiers. My only real complaint is that the soothie covered his nose. Not ideal when baby is sleeping and could potentially be hazardous if left unattended. We did not have this problem when he was a little older but I still would not reccomend this pacifier when there are many more to choose from. Granted all babies are different and some will prefer one thing over another...the choice is yours."
My baby liked it for a couple weeks only......after  that he liked it as a toy more than a pacifier! however i liked how it stayed close to my son so he could suck on it anytime!
price and safety are great.  i bought it for my 12 month old who now must stay rear facing until he is two.  his feet are altready touching the back of the seat.  he may have to cross his legs by age 2.
"for what it is, it's great. better than any other umbrella stroller out there. my only big problems with it are that the handles are a bit wobbly and my feet do sometimes hit the wheels. i am not a fan of that at all. my main reason for buying this was the height, it's actually taller than my full size stroller, so i don't have to be bent so far over when pushing, but i do still have to lean a bit. i had no problems with my son fitting in the stroller and he is a pretty big boy. tall and a bit chubby, but he had no problem fitting in the stoller at all. the straps adjust so he will definitely fit in this thing for a while, which is awesome. i just wish there weren't so much wobble in the handles and i didn't step on the wheels."
"notes on the room: i put these up in my nursery.  my wall was clean, and the light yellow paint was done over a year ago.  works well with a pond theme!<br /><br />some of these are a bit close together, so cutting them with enough space to be able to hold them to the wall tightly can be a bit tricky.  the directions say \\press firmly\\, what they mean is \\press and scrape as hard as you can without breaking the tongue presser stick on the wall\\.  you arm gets pretty tired after only two dragonflies.<br /><br />i didn't have any troubles with air bubbles like the directions warned, but i did have troubles with the tiny dragonflies.  the smaller the dragonfly, the harder it is to get the adhesive to stick.  the instructions warn you that tiny pieces and edges (like the antennae or tip of the tail) can be troublesome.  i find that if you can get all the edges stuck down, the middle shouldn't be a problem.  if you peel some off, and it doesn't stick, only about 50% of the time will putting it back down and re-scraping work.<br /><br />honestly, on some of the harder dragonflies, the adhesive won't entirely work.  you just have to say \\screw it\\ after working on one dragonfly for 10 minutes, and tear it off the wall.  the body, tail, and most of the wings will stick.  everything else is a maybe.  the instructions say you can fix it up with paint, which is true - but it's a pain.<br /><br />i do love the colors, design, and ability to put them anywhere.  but next time i'll try other things first before i go back to these."
"we bought this tent because we were going to florida and wanted to make sure we had some shade for our 18 month old daughter. when we put it together at home to try it out, she loved going in and out of it. on the beach she wasn't interested in going into it at all. she just wanted to play in the sand. we thought she might nap in it but it was too hot for that and while we were at the beach all she wanted to do was play so it was best to go back to the room for naps. our biggest complaint is that it is quite flimsy and broke in the wind. we can still use it but one of the plastic poles is broken. to be fair, i should mention that it is very easy to set up and take down. perhaps it would be more useful for a younger baby and not on windy days."
"the battery pack was correct, but the connector was wrong for the model 02174 monitor. i had to cut it off and replace it with the connector from the original battery pack. other than that the battery takes a good charge and lasts all day."
neither of my kids like these pacifiers despite my best efforts.  it seems like one of those products parents like and frankly i never see any other babies with them either despite many friends receiving them as gifts.  i don't know if it's the shape or the flavor of the rubber but they really dislike them.  otherwise i don't have a problem with their construction and such.
"from reading reviews for this product, i had different expectations.  there is still a sizable lip on this thing.  you can't exactly have it next to the bed and \\draw\\ your baby over to you.  especially when they are a newborn and don't have head control, i still had to get up to properly (safely) pick my daughter up to bring her close for nursing.  so i don't find this to be a good alternative to co-sleeping.      also, at 5 months, she already pretty much outgrown this.  i don't use it for sleeping, but i'd let her play it in with the fourth side pulled up.  she really has only a few inches to spare, so i can't even get use out of it like that.      pros:  i like the storage on the bottom and this pattern (tan dot) is neutral and attractive."
"i thought my daughter (4 months) would love this given how much she loves her sassy go-go bugs, but she really wasn't interested.  it is cute and makes a nice chiming sound, but it doesn't seem to have the kind of properties that she's interested in right now:  crunchy sounds, lots of things to chew on, etc.  she's tried to chew on its feet and wings as well as the ribbons that decorate the body, but had a hard time getting a purchase on anything.    i keep it in the diaper bag to occupy her while changing a diaper on the road, but that's all i use it for.    i gave it 3-stars because it didn't interest my daughter very much, but it is a well-made toy.  i have no complaints with the toy itself."
"Great idea, but our 2 month old doesn't love it! Our son moves his hands a lot, so he often knocks the pacifier out. We have had trouble getting it to stay in. I'm hoping when he's a little older it will work with him a little better"
"My baby girl won't take these binkis she only likes Soothies. I thought these would be comparable because of their straight tips, but she doesn't think so and spits them out."
after using a Wubbanub for a few months I dont' like this as a pacifier holder. It's HUGE compared to the Wubbanub. My baby is seven months and when he is napping the bear doesn't move with his head from side to side like the Wubbanub does. It was slightly difficult to put the soothie pacifier on but not impossible. I ended up cutting it off because I just couldn't get it off to use the teether attachment it comes with. I like it much better as a teether holder!
"I really was excited about this item, but I was disappointed when I received it. The quality of the dragon reminded me of a toy from a happy meal, not the high quality plush I expected for $20. It is cute, though, and the colors are nice and bright."
"The product is a good idea, however the pacifier cannot be replaced, it is sewn into the animal.  There are others on the market that the pacifier is inserted and held in place and not sewn so it can be replaced.  Wouldn't buy this again or recommend, it's cute but 20 is a lot for one pacifier."
"this is a high quality product, but the stroller is so damn heavy. my wife cannot put it in the truck. i barely can. it also does not fold nicely, after folding it is still big. they should have used more lightweight material thinking that it will mostly be used by a woman.  i am happy with everything except the weight and size after folding."
These are great because they have a cap. However if your child has a small face then beware that they will hit his nose - this isn't huge problem but the plastic does rub and make his nostrils red. I would like this better if the cutout for his nose was larger and didn't rub. My child is 1 month old.
"The giraffe is cute and my 2.5 month old daughter seems to use it just fine, though I think she prefers the regular Soothies for now.  Our problem with the pacifier is that right out of the package my wife noticed a split in the seam on the giraffes back.  She intends to sew it back up herself so its not a huge deal, but fairly disappointing.  Anyway, we'll probably buy a back up unit (always gotta have backup units for everything for babies!) but would prefer better quality control."
"I had bought 2 of those pacifier cases before, they close super firmly and perfectly. This one does not close as firmly :("
"ME TOO!!!! I ordered these in the NEWBORN size (as stated in the item description), but I received FULL TERM size pacifiers instead! Please be aware that this may happen to you as well (there is another 2 reviewers who posted about the same experience)."
I originally got the giraffe Wubbanub and that works great (not spit-proof but helps tremendously). I bought this as a backup but it's a little smaller and lighter than the giraffe one so therefore it doesn't work as well. Still helps though.
"i thought this seat cover was a great idea to stop my toddlers dirty shoes from grinding into the back of my carseats.  concern #1 was when i had to really stretch it to get the elastic loop to fit over and around the seat.  it did eventually fit without repercussion, though i believe the too-snug fit creates concern #2, which is that the mat doesn't cover high enough.  if you have forward-facing toddlers still in relatively high-sitting carseats, the limiting stretch of the elastic loop around the lower bend of the seat pulls the mat down too far.  this outcome leaves a gap of about 4-5 inches at the top of the seat, which is exactly where their little feet kick.  that was the whole reason i got this mat.  it would be better constructed if the elastic loop was adjustable, giving enough slack to place it higher on the seat, which would allow tightening of the head rest connecting straps to close the gap.  not so.  i've pulled the velcro head rest straps as tightly as possible to keep the mat held high, but it's still not the coverage i thought i was buying.<br /><br />my verdict is, when they're older and in booster seats these mats will be fine.  while they are still in carseats, it just doesn't cover the area that's most vulnerable."
"i was looking for a new bottle brush instead of using that cheap, foam one from munchkin and this ones mesh brush looked like it would hold up better.  unfortunately, it doesn't fit in my dr. brown bottles.  it will barely go in the bottle itself and won't go in the clear tubes at all."
"I ordered this 5-pk thinking that my newborn would like it because he seems to favor the Soothies the best. I chose this one because of all the great reviews but unfortunately, my baby must fall into the small group who doesn't really care for it.  The nipple is slightly smaller than a Soothie (which he still spits out, that's why I tried this one).  Overall, seems like a good pacifier if your little one is willing to take it... but be forewarned, not all babies will love it."
These puppies work good and my little one likes them. My only gripe is that the logo wears off quickly.
This is a pacifier they gave me in the hospital. My daughtr loved it so I ordered more. They are similar to other pacis and way over $$. I switched to closer to nature n she loves then the same
"The Wubbanub is definitely not spit proof but it does help in keeping the pacifier in baby's mouth. It works best at night when she's swaddled and can't move around too much, and I can just rest it on her chest. It's easy to find if she does end up spitting it out."
"Was hoping to find a pacifier that my guy would take....he is almost 3 months old and still wants to nurse every 2 hours around-the-clock, and I have a sneakin suspicion that it is not all nutritive nursing!!!  Unfortunately, this was not the one.  Seems big and heavy.  Otherwise, material and construction seem just fine."
This product was much larger than what I expected. She's still teething and it provides two or three minutes of relief if I can get her interested in it. She doesn't suck on the nipple part because it's too heavy and falls out of her mouth. I wouldn't pay as much as I did if I had to do it over again because it doesn't see much use.
The puppy is really cute and my newborn son loves it. It doesn't fall on the floor so no need for washes. The only minus is that it pops out easy.
"I bought this because the idea was cute. In reality, this is a heavy pacifier and of little to no practical use. Want to take a few cute photos? This is a funny prop. Want to provide a pacifier that does its job, there are better choices."
"In theory this is a great idea.  An 8 week old cannot hold his soothie so we though this would solve the car seat soothie loss problem.  Problem is, he does not like this as much as the plain old soothie.  Cute idea though.  It also does not detatch.  The pacifier is sewn into the puppy mouth."
"I got a frog instead of the bull. But the frog was so cute, I love it! My son likes it too. He's learned to put it back in himself, too."
"Although this bag is really cute, it is on the small side. I sort of regret buying it as I was originally planning on using a ziploc bag in the diaper bag to hold the soiled diapers. I like the idea of being able to throw the bag inside the washing machine with the diapers so I bought it. Overall, the price was right so I will make it work."
"I'm desperately trying to get my newborn to take a pacifier and he just won't.  We have 4 different brands and he spits them all out.  A friend recommended the gumdrop so we gave them a try.  I love the shape and size, but our lil' buddy won't take it.  I don't think it's the product, I think it's our non-sucking baby :)"
"i bought this in conjunction with the larger, non-collapsing plh drying rack. i got this one with the intent of holding my pumping equipment and the other to hold bottles. this rack is okay, but i have to admit that i like the other much better. i don't like the lack of drip tray on this, which requires me to keep a towel under it. the biggest problem i have with it is that several of the rods that hold the bottles up are too short to hold 8oz bottles (which is what i pump into). if you are looking to dry a few 4oz bottles or just some basic pumping stuff, it'd be fine, but if you are looking something to do it all, this will fall short."
"I didn't know the pacifier was attached to the giraffe.  It looked much bigger and I thought the pacifier came off.  You have to wash the toy with the pacifier attached and then wash the pacifier.  It's cute, but not worth the $14.95."
"the crib is ok. it came missing several screws so we initially had to bungee the lower half of the front side to the rest in order to hold it together, until we could get the right hardware. also there's a pretty obvious dent in the wood on the back rail thing (the piece that sticks up above the rest). if it'd been my first baby i would have thrown a fit and sent it back, but now that i'm on number two i have bigger things to worry about. the crib is otherwise pretty good-looking and solid."
"What I like:    It is the same as her green soothie pacifiers - so it fits her mouth great and is of known really good quality.  Single piece design is nice, and two different textures on the sides is good for choice.  The size of the nipple is much better then that big berry nubby thing that looks like a ring pacifier - that is way too big for her mouth and the nubs all over the nipple part seem to be uncomfortable for her.    What I don't like:    She is 4 months old now, we got it a month ago.  She is teething and chewing on things, but could not hold/manipulate this until recently for any length of time.  Wanted a nipple that she would suck on and the nubs would be right under her gums if she bit down - this doesn't have that, nubs are only on the sides.    It's still too big and bulky for her to do much - and we don't give her a pacifier during the day now except at naps.  So this was a bit of a waste of money for us.  Gave it 3 stars for quality - but it's really not proven very useful for our family."
"These are smaller than I thought they would be.  I didn't pay attention to the sizes and I should have.  The large one would only fit 2, maybe 3 all in one cloth diapers.  The small one is so small that it works as a case for my daughters Nintendo DS.  You couldn't even fit one stay-dry liner in it!    Other than being small the large one works great!"
"Great idea, but I would like to have the option to remove the pacifier to clean it or switch out."
"Its a great pacifier, my daughter like it. Howewer, if you want to buy it because it glows at night, just buy the regulars, the glow doesn't last more than 6 minutes."
"This seems to just be a stuffed animal glued to a soothie.  My baby had absolutely no interest in cuddling with the kitten, and the kitten does nothing to hold in the pacifier.  Maybe if she were more interested in the kitten it would work, but I was basically unimpressed with this product."
looks cuter in picture.  when it arrived it looks kinda cheap.  I'll post another review after the baby is born and let you know how it holds up
I like this because it is colorful and cute. I sometimes use it when I swaddle my daughter but it doesn't stay in place that well.  I thought I would like the wubbanubs because she could hold them but she doesn't do this and they are harder to hold to get them in her mouth than the regular soothies.  We basically use the regular soothies most of the time.
"I also purchased this because of the neutral color shown. I got race cars in blue. I will keep them, because they can be used at bedtime. As for the product I love mam pacis. quality and cute. They were the only ones my daughter would take."
"these are some of the softest baby garments out there.  the only downside is that these run pretty small.  my 7 week old is fitting the 3-6 month size pretty well.  it was one of those outfits i had to hurry up and get him to wear before he outgrew it.  great construction, though, and easy to dress and do diaper changes with."
"i purchased this humidifier a few months back. the first month was perfect - even the light on the front and the trickling noise didn't bother me. i wrote a great review and posted it.<br />about one month into owning this cute humidifier i noticed that when it was turned to full blast, by morning there was water puddled underneath it. thank goodness i had set it inside a plastic pan or my wooden table would be ruined. the next night i turned the humidifier to only half output and for a few days everything was great. however within four or so days it started to leak even then. since then it has been pretty much the same: me putting it at a smaller output and finding it still leaks.<br />do not let this product fool you. i did months of research and was suprised to find this particular humidifier with the best reviews and at such an affordable price. now i understand why it was so cheap."
"I love the idea of this, and it should work since the weight will cause the baby to keep the pacifier in his/her mouth better, but I never got to find out.  My daughter was picky about her pacifiers from the get-go and she refused to take this Soothie one."
"rail's well designed to fit into the space, and looks sturdy, but not all colors mentioned in the amazon listing are available.  i ordered oak but was sent white.  it took a few calls to the vendor before we got it straightened out, and i had to resort to an under-mattress rail.  (somehow the first operator coded my return as \\customer changed mind\\ which was ludicrous, i was begging them to find one in my color in their warehouse -- and when i learned that meant i wouldn't get free shipping back on the return, i called back again and the second operator was really on the ball.)      one caveat about the rail -- if your child moves all over the place while sleeping and presses up against the edge of the crib, you might be better off with a rail that blocks the *center* of the bed.  that's what i ended up with -- it's an under-mattress insert with a 9-inch gap at top and bottom.  several times i've found my 3yo partly hanging over the edge at the gap, so it turned out to be for the best."
"this bottle warmer definitely is useful - it does what you want it to do.  however, always make sure you test the temperature of the milk before you give it to your baby as it can be to hot (or too cool) sometimes.  this is because there are many variables that affect the ending temperature:    - the starting temperature of the milk (from the referigerator, freezer, room temperature etc.)  - the type of bottle (i.e., glass, plastic, etc.),   - bottle size (diameter as well as height)   - amount of water you put in here    as a corollary, be careful with the condensation off the bottle as that can also be quite hot.    as far as functionality is concerned, it does what you want, but of course effectiveness is based on the variables i mentioned for temeprature.  the only part i wish this had that some other manufacturers build into the model is an ability to use the steam to steralize baby paraphenalia, such as pacifiers."
i bought this with the 26 pieces letter ones for my 10 month old. they look really cute but the little pieces tend to fall off if pressed (i put them on the carpet). i have to put them at places where baby do not usually go. if you have carpet i would recommend the letters and numbers.
"these gerber diapers usually make great burp rags (and are not at all good as cloth diapers).  this package, however was very scratchy.  i purchased some a week later at target which were very soft and what i expected from the product.  i wouldn't purchase this item through amazon again because of the quality."
"I thought that this would be nice for my infant to be able to better hold onto his pacifier, and it does help with that; however, the pacifier is sewn into the toy, so you can't separate the pacifier to wash separately from the toy.  Just not what I was expecting."
This is an adorable product but it does has some down falls. The plastic piece that clasps over the nipple if the product is removed or drop digs into baby's face and leaves red marks also plastic is rather thin and breaks easily. Overall its a cute idea just needs a few adjustments.
"I love the womb sounds bear, however, after only using it for a short time the womb sound gadget is making a loud high pitched hum???  I have not checked the batts yet or what kind to replace...thought it would last a lot longer than that!!"
"this is a great monitor, we bought it to monitor our first baby and the video/audio quality is excellent.. it even works with good reception between multi-floor house and even from outside the house.  the only thing that i would say is pretty badly designed is the fact that if your next door neighbor has the same unit the signal from his unit would show up on your monitor and you'd be looking at his kids and vice-versa.. i think this is a bad design and security risk and should be corrected."
i loved the idea of the baberoo..because my daughters head kept flopping to the side when she fell asleep in the car seat...so i bought the baberoo.  it worked great at first but it seemed to get stretched out and then it didn't work quite as well.
"the porta-crib is ok.  the bassinet has too much give  and the pad didn't give much support. my daughter wouldn't sleep in it.  so i ended up puting a porta-crib mattress in it even though it says not to.  it did seem to give it more support and she finally slept in it.  i did like that it had a caddy for the diapers and wipes.  although my daughter is only three months and already too big for the changing table.  all in all, i got what i paid for.  it is definately good enough for vacations.  hopefully, when she is big enough be put in the bottom it will be more useful to us."
"my daughter likes the spinning sun and then two toys hanging off of it.  she isn't so interested in the mirror but she doesn't tend to get too into mirrors in general.  the one real complaint that i have is that it doesn't have a bottom and it is very light.  since it is light and doesn't have a bottom, my daughter can easily pull it over and then therefore cannot actually play with the toy.  i have to keep setting it back up or holding it in place for her."
"i think itll be good, these are very tiny, ill be able to say when my baby starts using them. i think the idea of the case is very good and very handy."
had a small stain
the same designe i choose not recive ! the one what i got is deffrinet 
"It's a bit of an inconvenient game because you have to cut every single pacifier out. Also, it just killed my OCD that the poster itself and many of the pacifiers are creased because the game comes folded in a package. If you've spent so much time making the decor for your party pretty, the creased game will detract from that. Having said that, my guests really did enjoy playing this game. You might be better off making your own, prettier version of this game."
Fun game
These things deffinatly come in handy. The only thing is they leave an awful taste.
"not worth the price!  i ordered silly tails, there is no story to it just describes the tail ( ie- shiny tail).  others have mentioned these books have a battery, this one does not so it does not make sounds....other than crinkling. i was hoping the tails could be removed and matched or rearranged.  so i am a bit disappointed with my purchase."
Doesn't glow long at all.
"My baby loved the 0-3 month Soothies, but she won't take these. =("
I did received a different Design so I decided to remove the paci to my boy
impossible to find if dropped or set down.
"it gets the job done, but it's also a bit flimsy."
"pretty color, not very sturdy. quite small compared to other mats. will do only for infant or tiny toddler."
"i purchased it for my dogs, but no interest on their part."
they dont have a hole for the strap
"i like the concept, but the stickiness of back wears off. i've only had this for a week, and the one i used on my cabinet below my kitchen sink came off already. probably won't buy again"
"my baby took time to get usedto these pacifiers, she was using the avent newborn and those are a bit harder and these are way too soft, I feel like she doesn't feel anything in her mouth. I don't like that soap gets stuck inside when I wash it."
Showed blue and yellow - shipped pink and I purchased for a boy.  Will save for a different baby I guess.
a lot smaller and thinner than i thought but it will work temporarily.
"wow - just like the other reviews have stated this bed is like sleeping on a sheet of plywood.  there appears to be no difference between the baby side and the toddler side, they are both as firm as a sidewalk ."
Ordered for a little boy and we received pink and purple...will be giving away as a gift to friends with a daughter.
Smaller and lighter then I expected.
This pacifiers won't stay in my child's mouth very disappointed I will not purchase this again
Bottles leak:|
"It is a clever pacifier but there is a down side....it closes just right, however baby cannot open it!!! So it is useless...if you dont have to worru about droped pacifier getting dirty you have to open the cover for baby.<br />Mom of 9month old girl"
Is an excellent product! I have used it with my oldest two children. But this time one of the binkies has a hole in the nipple making it impossible for my son to use the pacifier. Very disappointing!!
"Doesn't hold its glow throughout the night , which defeats the purpose , but it helped my son find where his &#34;paci cup&#34; is in the dark.  No more late night wakes"
"I expected to receive pink pacifiers based on pictures and other reviews, but no, I got blue ones. I give 3 stars because you can't pick a color."
I have a little boy and when I received these they were NOT the ones in the picture... They are both pink. Just be fore-warned. Now I'm unsure what I want to do with them and still haven't opened them
"My baby will take just about any pacifier, except for this.  It's probalbly a matter of preference though."
"My son hates these! He prefers the MAM which is a completely different &#34;type&#34; of pacifier. I would give a 1 star, but that's not fair as my sons preference for MAM doesn't mean your child won't like these. MAM is also nice because it comes with a sterilization case."
These are nice pacifiers but our daughter wouldn't take them :(
Size is too big to 3 month baby.
"She still not a fan of the pacifier, not specifically this one, any of them."
Buy colors for child and sent me girl colors
"These pacifiers are great! But, I ordered them this time to get the pink and purple pack as an added gift for a baby girl shower. I got the blue and green in the mail. A little disappointing."
Did not ordered them.
i like
pain in the butt to work
"bulky, you can see them through your clothing"
Didn't come with separate cover.
"These pacifiers are well made and if my little guy took a binky longer than a few minutes I bet he'd enjoy them... however, what I don't like is that they're so oddly see-through and there's no handle to grab onto."
"didn't hold the food in very well, and my daughter hated sticking her hands in it, so i had to use it without the cap on."
received diaper bag.  gift.  no comment.
"sadly, without messing with things and adding additional strings, you can only use the pacifier that comes with it.  my little guy did not like that one so he has a new stuffed puppy instead."
These are very thin.  I'm not sure I would actually believe they would keep something really wet secured.
"Sounds good in theory, but my little one did not like it. So I stored it away.<br /><br />After a few months, it became disgustingly sticky for some reason (I did wash it before putting it away). I'm glad my kid didn't like it or the sticky stuff might have ended up in the mouth or ingested."
it does not look like how I thought
Absolutely love them although I'm a little disappointed I didn't receive the pink colors like I order.
lid flimsy when open. child cannot lean back
not a fan of the nipples.
i expected it to be a little bit bigger.
i wish i could give this swing 5 stars my baby girl loves it.... i bought this for my lo who is still in the nicu.. the nurses and my lo love it... but recently after about month and half of use the battery compartment doesn't work... tried changing the batteries 3 times to no avail so i hauled this thing home and tried plugging it up to see if it's the motor it works perfectly plugged up just not on batteries... it's disappointing because now my lo can't use it in the nicu... because they have rules about plugging up swings and gliders. going to try and contact graco if that flops i'll have to return it to amazon..i hope not because my baby girl loves it... but i do have to say the music is awful the speakers are poor quality.. my baby just like the nature sounds
not sure how long this booster seat will work for a big baby boy.  it was a gift
Didn't work for my baby :-(
"looks like it can break easily, specially from the flexible union, it's very thin on this area, i think it is overpriced, but it holds 2 small pacifiers at one time."
My little one wasn't a big fan of this pacifier but I did like that it came in a case for sanitizing.
My little one wasn't a big fan of this pacifier.
"unfortunately, my baby doesn't really take it, compared to other brands"
the cup is cute and well designed. the only bad thing is the outside color is faded and mixed after several times washing.
i used them once for my daughter and the applesauce juice leaked out of the bottom...pretty messy to deal with
"they seem fine, but my breastfed baby hated them. he prefers a different type of pacifier."
the color is not exactly what i expected.
"not a very thick jersey knit. normally i would associate jersey knit with a thick stretchy material, this was indeed stretchy, but so thin that i could see through it in spots. had to return it. return was fast though, so no complaints there."
I had high hope for these pacifiers as we always struggle to find her binkies late at night. It does not glow in the dark after turning off the light for 30 minutes. It defeats the purpose of these glow in the dark pacifier. Not only that but it also too big. The design is very awkward. It does not mold to mouth. No curves whatsoever. I would not purchase these binkies again. My daughter also hates these!
I like this and so did my baby until the cat stole it and chewed a hole in the nipple. That's when I realized the pacifier can't be replaced... Much too expensive for a tiny toy.
very small. i have a 10 year old who is not even 80 pounds and they are small on her. and to say they are legging pants is a bit misleading. they are more like tights! very thin and see through.
"i love a + a products, but i was really sad to see how small these bibs got after just one washing. i think i will stick with the burpy bibs!"
the leg holes were so tight on our baby's thighs that even if i could stuff him into this chair it was extremely difficult to get him out.
as expected
looks dirty.  binky doesn't come off to be cleaned.
price a little hight for product
I ordered these specifically because I thought it was a 3 pack. I only got a 2 pack.
not girl cups as pictured.  i know it said design my vary but i assumed it would be one of the two pictured.  instead i got two race car cups.
i believe one of the holes for my crib was missing so i had to drill one.
"i'm reluctant to even give it 3 stars. if it would stay on the wall, i would have given it 5 stars. but the leaves are continually falling off the wall and other parts don't stick. i wouldn't purchase again. the set didn't come with much direction. we cleaned the wall before applying, not sure what else we could do to make it stick."
My son loves the MAM pacifiers and that is the only brand we buy. He loves all the 0-6 month styles and he has all of them - including the night time glow in the dark one - but he refuses to use this AIR version for some reason and we can't figure out why.
Wish it was easier to open. It sticks.
size runs very small..
item exactly as described but as others mentioned it still leaks and hard to get fluids out.
hate logistics. too slow. .but something good.....
I give it a 3 star for being cute but was disappointed in the size all together. It was way smaller than I thought it would really be.
"I chose what I thought were the pacifiers pictured, instead I got other designs.  I'm not sure why - too much of a hassle to return since I needed them ASAP for a baby shower."
"I like the idea, but baby didn't like the paci, I'll keep trying, but for now he just spits it out.."
Disappointed as I did not receive the ones in this picture.
Smaller than I expected based on the price. Think mini bean bag animal size.
Did not receive the color pictured.
"I ordered the clear of these pacifiers and wound up getting the purple in my order. Not a huge deal, but not what I expected. I do like the fact these come with a cover to pop on prior to throwing them in the diaper bag."
i was surprised by how thin these are. i'm not sure i'll have any use for them.
have to change the batteries a lot
baby never liked this one. Small enough to leave dog stomach but big enough to get stuck. Bad news
"annoying that there is no loop to hold onto. constantly falling out of babies mouth onto the ground, yeah i could get a paci clip, but i haven't yet."
does the job
made a huge mistake!! i thought this was going to work for the home too & i was sooooooooooooo wrong!! i bought the adapters 7 they just recharge so i'm stuck until i find a guy that has a car!!
the dots are raised and might cause a person to slip.
"this monitor use to work very well.  my only original complaint and the reason for initial four stars iwas the battery life on the display (see update below).  even with the video off and just using the audio, the batter life was not great (not horrible, just not great). we have a relatively large house 4000sf and have not had any issues with reception.  the only problem that we have noticed (relating to reception of the receiver) is around our wifi connected devices. if i have the receiver to close to my ipad, the receiver will beep telling me that it cannot find the camera.  if i moved the ipad one to two feet from the receiver/display, the problem goes away. this problem was resolved see below.  one last point, when you put this product in your basket, amazon will tell you that other people also bought a power adapter for the camera.  you do not need to buy anything else with this product; it comes with everything you need.  1-22-15 update - we swapped out our home router for 5.0 ghz router, which solved the interference issues we were having with wifi connected devices. unfortunately, the battery has died and the base unit (the monitor) will not work unless plugged into the wall, which would be fine if the electrical connection was not constantly failing.  we thought it was a bad ac adapter or cord, but it turns out it's the receptacle on the monitor. the spot where you plug the ac adapter into the monitor is loose, so if you move the monitor or the cable, the unit looses power. we have tried everything including taping the power cable to the monitor, so that the cable would not move or come loose, but this only worked for a short period."
"Nice to carry along but the colors is not given since it is random color sent. I have a boy but they send me purple case, so didn't use it and gave to my cousin for her baby daughter. She likes it and it keep the paci clean.<br /><br />Will be better if we order as for boy/girl that can random select colors for girls (pink purple yellow red) and boys (red green blue yellow) instead upon buying options."
love the mobile but it did not fit on our crib which is a standard wooden panel crib - the white plastic base is not wide enough.  we had to make adjustments to get it to fit on our crib
Each baby is different so hard to find ones that a particular baby &#34;likes&#34;
"works as intended,"
i wish the sounds were louder :(
"it is not exactly what i was hoping for, bigger then expected."
"It works sometimes, as long as baby is laying completely flat, it is alot smaller than I thought.....worth the price-no!"
Pacifier is not removable.
John Deer emblem wore off after a few times of washing
The black spots come off.
my newborn son didnt want it.:/
was hopeing this would be the ticket to success but it was very short lived. two days after getting  it he could care less. we have the potty time watch also very short lived. i'm desperate to get my son trained so i thought i'd try this. i believe this system is over priced and not worth it. a short double sided book about using the toilet. it was fairly frustrating to him that the book was upside down half way through and was for a girl. i didn't expect for the price that i would have to put the velcro pieces on myself a very disappointing and tedious task that should've been done by the maker. the certificate is boring and did not impress my son whatsoever and 1 sticker that also held no interest. i have found a small hope in the chart for training. my son really really wants a fishing pole so when he fills the chart i will get him one and he also really wants a more expensive item which i've promised only when he doesn't need diapers or pull ups anymore. night time training isn't even a thought yet because daytime hasn't gone to we'll but i expect that will be even harder.
"It fits the cradle, but it's a little flimsy. Difficult to keep the sheets on without the edges curling up."
Same as any other Pacifier.
"overall, i like the look of the glider, it was what i expected. however when we went to assemble it, we found it didn't come with enough bolts and screws to put it together. there were no directions included whatsoever in the box either. my husband had to go to the hardware store 2 times for parts, and we still don't have everything we need to fully assemble it."
not really impressed and neither is baby
"it keeps the door about an inch from closing, but cannot designate the width of the opening (which is what i was hoping for)."
the only thing that I didn't like is that is not easily replaceable the pacifier attach
The sucker part is LONG. Gagged my baby
Daughter didn't like the shape but seemed to be made well though!
"my 3 month old nephew hates it and will not use it but i cannot see anything wrong with the device itself, i tested it out and it reads accurately I guess its much bigger then the other pacifiers my sister bought for him so he will refuse it."
Baby won't take this pacifier (or any pacifier).
sheets and blanket are very thin but decided to keep it cause it is such a cute design and inexpensive. my daughter loves it.
the package was damaged and the toy was a dirty and dusty somehow.<br />but the functionality of the item was fine.
"I love this as it's easy to find my daughter's pacifier. However, only after a few days the nose of the giraffe started to come apart at the seam. :("
"doesn't look like it does in the picture on the box. it comes out all floppy and thin, not cushy & compact as one would expect from a product that does what this is supposed to do.  i use it, but really could have done without it for the most part.  should've purchased something from the store so i could check out the quality."
blanket images are smudged.  my son still likes it so i kept it.
son still leaked
Love these pacifiers. Had one and needed a few more. However the title and pictures show 2 pink pacifiers which is what I wanted and thought I ordered BUT a pink and green set is what I received. Buried in the description I see now that it says pink and green. The title and pictures need to reflect this information otherwise you'll have disappointed customers like myself. Really wanted two pink.
I Wish the binky would detach so I could sanitize the binky
Hard to sanitize the pacifire without wetting the whole thing.
"i guess i can't complain too bad because the price is fair. it just isn't very easy for baby to maneuver around in. the front wheels are 360 degree but the back ones are only front and back. so, it makes it hard to get around and he gets stuck a lot which is only upsetting to him. so duration of play time in the walker is limited. it's even a pain for me to scoot out of the way because of those back wheels. i usually just pick it up to move it. won't be saving this for next baby!"
I have a terrible habit of biting down on the tabs of my daughter's soothies when I'm nursing her back to sleep so I don't have to fish around blindly in the dark to find it and they started to fall apart after a couple weeks.  The nipples are also kinda tough so she doesn't want them as much as the 0-3 month ones.
"I bought this because it seemed to be the &#34;greenest&#34; best-option for a pacifier. But it looked weird, felt weird, was not comfortable at all, big bulky and heavy. Plus, my daughter was just never interested in pacifiers, so we ended up not using them at all. :("
Takes a long time to start taking tempature.
you can see the glue behind.
a gift to friend
these weren't sticking like i wanted it to but i still use them
the eye cover is too small.
My son doesn't seem to like these as well as the 0-3 month version
it has a hard time picking up the crying of my infant.
i don't like that you need 2 hands to unlock thus gate. we made it work by not fully locking it so you can get through one handed (i.e. while carrying the baby) but he figured out how to open it himself before i was ready for that. it is one of the few really wide gates i found.
"after having 2 boys who always drenched their nighttime diapers, i decided to try these out for added absorption... but unfortunately, my 2yr boy still wakes up with and overflowed diaper (and booster pad).  i suppose i have to continue washing sheets everyday until he is ready for potty training."
cushions aren't that comfy and the buckles are terrible to unbuckle. it does the job though and my daughter can sleep fine without her head falling forward. very easy to install and uninstall.
too small for a young toddler
do not be deceived. this is just a big nightlight.
photo didn't express letters on ducks. that was disappointing
pretty. it fits. but the umbrella circumference is very small. disappointed. woukd only be effective to cover the car seat. not a child in the stroller that's forward facing.
"Was purchased as a gift and the baby seemed to choke on the nipple, so they were not used. May work well for another baby though."
Clear pacifiers are very difficult to find in the middle of the night!
It was not exactly as i was waiting
Sent pink for my son :/
Buying these as a gift for my baby granddaughter's stocking... but they arrived baby boy blue colors & design. I was expecting pretty/pink/flowery (as was pictured). Dissappointed but they'll still work. Next time i'll go to the store and pick the designs i want.
"cute, but sort of boring.  not my kids favorite--water gets stuck inside."
had a hard time with this getting the food out my grand son had a hard time we had to keep pushing the back to help him .
It serves its purpose. I guess my son just didn't want to continue to use a pacifier.
They give me other colors! :-(
My daughter loves wubbanubs...this one is bigger than the others she's had.
Should have put the open latch on the other side verse between the clamp side. Makes it hard to open while clamped
Baby didn't like these and we kept using the blue silicone pacifiers from the hospital! These hit her nose weird.
this worked well for my son for just a few months however with all of his squirming the shoulder straps broke within 3 months of daily use.
my baby loves it. but after a few weeks you could see dirk and moho inside the pacifier.
"Love Soothies, but the blue color is nearly transparent.  Hard to find in daytime.  Impossible at night.  (I recommend the green ones.  The pink ones in the pink/purple pack have the same transparency issue.)"
a little flimsy but baby likes the crinkle noise.
I like how these are made. My baby however prefers the NUK brand orthodontic pacifiers instead .
"i like the necklace but it is definitely purple, not navy."
"i like that they're organic, but they're not very absorbent."
pratique et tres utile
I bought this for my sons halloween costume. It does the job.
As a gift...
Were not quite the ones we were looking for  were looking for the longer nipples
i like this bowl but it didn't stop my little one from pulling it off the table.
"bought these for my kids' lunches. they are okay for the price, but only lasted about 2 wks before the individual pockets of water started leaking. now both have a few empty cells per cold mat. still functional, but definitely won't last more than a few months."
these weren't very durable. had trouble sticking them to the wall in my classroom.
"My baby loves these, but when we sanitized them they got water droplets in the nipple part. It's sterile water, so I am not too worried, but I wish they would dry out..."
doesn't really glow in the dark too much. My little one still has a hard time finding it in the middle of the night in her crib.
cost $9.99<br />my picky infant didn't take this brand pacifiers
suction cups sometimes slide and are hard to keep in place. but works well compared to other kinds for a car's back seat.
Love the idea and our daughter loves the Soothie pacifiers but we thought the pacifiers were replaceable.  It's stitched to the monkey which makes it difficult to sanitize as well.
Wish you could choose the color. I have a little girl and I received boy colors.
"got two of these.  one for my husbands car, and one for mine. in my husbands car (subaru outback) it works great. he can roll the window up and down without any issues. in my corolla however, from day one it wasn't the same experience. the thin metal hook was just big enough that if i closed the rear window all the way, when i wanted to roll it down the hook got stuck at the top and stayed and the window rolled down without it. i got around this for the summer by closing the window most of the way, but not fully, and if i forgot, i could always adjust once we stopped somewhere. so i was making it work. two weeks ago however, after rolling my window down a couple inches, the window shade started sagging. it no longer will roll up. so we are bummed. and since i didn't immediately go back to my amazon order, we are now just past the return window so i'm stuck with it and left the sun in my toddlers eyes or having to listen to her tell me over and over that the window is broken. :(<br /><br />overall summary:<br />good sun blocking ability without ruining visibility which is a big plus. doesn't fall off window. however, seems to be some long term issues with the spring, and depending on your car style, may or may not work to roll up and down your window. compared to some of the other options, i still think this is a fairly good one, but the longevity is a big detriment."
So hard to lock.
I ordered these and received navy blue pacifiers with red and blue Braves logos.
The hinge won't last long
"the middle is not as sturdy as the baby bjorn stool i recently purchased. and because my daughter pushes or drags the stool around, the rubber on the bottom is coming off."
"Unlike all the other reviews, I picked pink and got blue... Guess they are a little backwards."
"I was so excited when I found out that such a product exists.  But, when I actually went to use it, I was very disappointed.  Both my 3 yr old and 11 month old had trouble sucking it.  With my older son, I figured he had forgotten what it was like to use a pacifier or maybe it was too small for him.  But the baby LOVES his pacifier and is an &#34;expert sucker&#34;, so I was sadly disappointed and somewhat surprised when he had so much trouble keeping the thermometer in his mouth long enough to get a reading.  Oh well.  Guess we'll go back to traditional thermometers."
I loves these pacifiers but in the 6-12 month size.  My baby never liked the 0-6 month size.  I guess it's too small.
the battery discharges faster
seems bit expensive for just rails without some type of additional support at center. one of the rail was cracked or bit broken saw that after assembling bed will contact amazon but not sure it's worth replacing considering all the hassle.
"i just purchased this item for my 9mth old granddaughter. before i purchased it i read all the reviews, &#34;five stars&#34;. someone wrote that it's light weight  and easy to handle , but the car seat was  a little heavy.that's not so,  i am an adult male, my daughter is a small ,petite young lady, and i found this stroller to be extremely heavy, and a bit awkward, and wonder if she could handle it. while it the stroller, folds easy, unfolding it is crazy awkward, because the release latch is position strangely you can end-up getting the stroller all dirty trying to unfold it. and to say i guess that's no big deal if you're not going to be continually folding and unfolding, which she will be. the harness in the car seat is tight and not adjustable, the canopy closes with a one inch opening gap.  that's why i give this three stars. it seems to be well built strong/durable.  i would have returned it but she wanted to keep it. this is last years model, there's a newer version available for 2014 the s910800 which has adjustable harness / buckle position. don't know it it's just as heavy but i recommend getting the newer version."
"These were really small. 0-3 months. We couldn't find them any longer in the store (I guess they changed them) and well these were not exactly what we were looking for. My 22 month old does take these when he's awake though and the bigger ones when he sleeps so it worked out, but if you are looking for the old style of these you will be disappointed."
Kid loves it but figures get stuck in it.
was too small for baby so it will go to goodwill
"i'm on the fence about this product. it works great for intended purpose (sucking snot out of infant's nose) but there have been very limited studies done on illness transmission for adults. contrary to other reviewers, sucking the snot out is not the same as being around your sick child. when you suck the stuff out, viral/bacterial particles can go directly into the lungs. again, there have been very limited studies done regarding adult's safety on this product.<br /><br />i've used it with both of my kids for several years (replacing filters after each use, not sharing the tube, sanitizing between uses, etc.) because it works so well. however, i had some very nasty chest infections during that time - nothing like any of our household members had, including the kids who were sick in the first place. could be a coincidence, but maybe not."
"Our baby loves MAM pacifiers.  However, these DO NOT GLOW IN THE DARK!  Disappointed, but we will use these anyway..."
"I was expecting this to be a little bit bigger of a bag, I have 2 children that I was hoping to use it for but I can see that I either need to get a bigger bag or another bag all together."
Pacifiers are not very soft at all; not nearly as soft as the pacifiers on the Wubanub.
"Why anyone would make a pacifier that is see-through is beyond me.  I bought these because I didn't want to spend another $3 for a pair of colored pacis, and, as a new mom, I didn't have time to get to the store and pick these up. However, once you find the drasted things, they work and stay in my baby's mouth longer than the rubber round pacifiers."
"I bought this paci for a few reasons. I thought the animal attached would keep it from getting knocked too far away from baby, and he could get back in his mouth easier. I also thought when he spit it out and I was holding him, it would be easier to catch that most pacis. Well, the second expectation was true, the first wasn't. the animal isn't heavy or big enough to matter when it comes to baby spitting it out. He can still get it really far away and I have to put it back in. Also, to wash the paci you have to wash it in a washing machine, which is inconvenient so I just rinse off the nipple between washes but it gets the animal wet a lot of times, and then the animal part gets really dirty since I can't wash it in the washing machine constantly. Baby loves it a lot though and loves to just hold it even when he doesn't want to suck on it, so for that I don't regret buying it at all."
"I bought them about one week ago to replace my other NUK pacifier (they trap water like crazy). I like the one-piece design b/c you won't get any dirt or water or lint or hair trapped. However, I don;t know what type of silicone they use, it stinks! Now they have been sitting on my desk for a couple of days and the smell seems to go away...a little...<br />I like the orthodontic design, but just can't bear that plastic smell."
"Do yourself a favor and buy something with color -- there are some glow-in-the-dark ones too, but these are too hard to find at night."
"there are only 3 lights it switches from. they don't rotate, and it doesn't have music or anything else.  my package was missing the book that comes with it too.  i do like the 45 minute timer though."
They tell you to pick colors but send you whatever. We asked for girl colors and got boys. Guess it happens.
"These pacifiers weren't exactly as pictured. They came with a pattern that's fine, but wasn't expected. Little one doesn't like them as much as her other Nuk's, and they're not as open for air flow as expected. What appears to be open lines in the picture are only partial. The outer edge is really a grove and not an opening. Also there is a thin handle to it, and the round part is shallow, so pacifier holders don't work around the center."
i have been annoyed by a sheet and mattress cover that keeps slipping off the corners of the bed. the pins were to fix the sheet and mattress cover to the mattress. i had previously used smaller ones and these are better but have not totally solved the problem.
"once agian i never pay attention to the size, its pretty small, it is soft for the baby, but im to lazy to send it back."
these are hard to fill and the zippers are easily broke. really not worth the money.  i wish i would have bought a different brand.
"The pacifier is of good quality however we were very disappointed because we ordered two packs and we know the colors could vary but we made the assumption it would be &#34;like&#34; colors to those it displayed. It showed blue and green and we're having a little boy. We ended up with 2 packs of hot pink and purple :(  Baby doesn't know the difference, it's just we weren't expecting it. Just an FYI that it literally could be ANY colors."
"My son is 5 months and I sadly waited until just last week to purchase this. It won't last long, kinda small. As well it's mouthpiece is rather flat and not face forming. He spit it out a lot at first."
i bought it for $9. too expensive for so small toy. but my daughter likes it.<br />she usually use it as teether
Discription says 0-6 months. But on the package I saw 0-3 months only. My daughter did not like it. Stored only.
The item that was sent to me looked much different from the picture as shown. The texture of the bear and shape of the bear is much cheaper looking and different. I have leslie the lamb pacimal and thus was very much excited to get brody the bear.... yet it has left me disappointed. I feel like i was given an imitation and not the actual. I give it a 3 star because the packaging was also poorly sent. It was all torn up.
he wouldn't keep it long enough for me to take a picture so i was a little disappointed.  Will pass it along. Maybe a younger baby would like it.
i may use it still when i eat at a restaurant.  we don't get to do that as often with the little one but that's the only time we could use it.
"I love Avent pacifiers and have used them with both of my children. I saw a friend with one & thought I definitely needed a pacifier that would glow in the dark! Very disappointed. It doesn't glow unless left in the light and even then only glows for maybe 30 minutes. I thought that by the looks of it that at least some of the stars would glow but no, just the ring. If you just want a pacifier then buy this but if you want one that you can find in the dark, don't expect this one to be what you're looking for."
"i really do love this binki, i am sad that the baby hasnt taken to it and that the animal doesnt detach from the actual soothie<br /><br />i received it on the day they said i would get it!!"
the hot on the duck is hard to see even when it turns white because it is very faint. this is better for just being a rubber duck then it is for temperatures.
"this is much smaller than I expected. Also, the pacifier is sewn into the doll preventing you from changing it out, let alone boiling it for sanitation purposes."
Slightly disappointed with the size of then nipple.  We got the 0-6 mos size and the nipple was super small.  We got another one with the round shape but same size and the nipple was perfect.  Maybe we got a defect one. But I do like the butterfly shape so it isn't putting up against my little one's nose.
"My daughter has had a definite paci passion her whole life.  My son never used a paci but my daughter clearly wanted to suck on something that didn't produce milk.  When our fingers were pale and wrinkly from being sucked on, we decided to get a paci for her.  She was blissed out with the soothie (first one we tried) so we stuck with it.  I got her the wubbanub thinking it would be easier for her to hold it and insert it in her mouth herself.  Maybe the problem was that she was already 6 months old when we tried it, but she didn't like how it pulled out of her mouth and would get very frustrated.  She also seems to find the stuffy by her face really annoying.  We're sticking with a paci on a clip.  Maybe starting with an infant would make more sense, though I'm not sure what you'd do when the paci needed replacing and the baby was attached to the stuffy?"
"he always puts them in upside down. Other avent pacifiers we have don't have an up or down. So, that's sorta annoying from an aesthetics standpoint. But, they come with little covers and I can just keep them in the diaper bag without worrying about them getting dirty."
"The nipple is too short. Baby didn't like it, probably because we used a different pacifier before buying this one."
"Not as pictured.  Mine did not have the black stripes.  Silly enough, I paid slightly more for the stripes and did not get them.  Wahhhhh!"
"I really like the Natursutten pacifiers,however the butterfly pacifier did not wk for my baby because the way is shaped. The cut needs to be a bit deeper because the way they are shaped it makes an indentation on the  baby's nose. I will keep buying the product but  will stick to the round shape for the comfort of my baby. Nothing to do with the seller though...more with the manufacturer."
these do the job but they are so pricy! i actually prefer the gerber training underwear over these and they are a fraction of the price at $7 for a three pack).
ordered 2 packs of blue- received 1 blue 1 pink. It's hard to have a grandson walk around with a pink binky.
"Same product, but by colors/designs vary, I wrongly assumed that I'd get some combination of the solid colors shown. They are instead clear with purple and green designs on them. I don't mind them, but would've preferred solid colors like the pic showed. Not sure if I just got unlucky with the ones they sent."
hard for my daughter to get her hands in and out of the mouth.  the plastic is a little tough.
"I Bought the avent pacifier like as picture, but they send me another color, totally different that show at picture<br /><br />I'm sa<br /><br />Bianca"
"Not sure if it is the product or my baby, he didn't like this at all. Err ... ... ..."
it has the california prop 65 warning:<br />we are providing the following warning for products linked to this page:<br /><br />warning: this product contains chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.<br /><br /> also no where on product packaging does it say bpa free. disappointed.
"the seat was inexpensive, so i wasn't surprised to find the fittings were cheaply made and not very easy to deal with.  its hard to &#34;click in&#34;, its hard to tighten the harness and the seat latches.  i personally would spend more money not to deal with these issues. they're quite annoying.  especially if your on a time crunch."
"these were awfully fussy to apply; lots of little &#34;stems&#34; and &#34;flowers&#34;.  they looked okay when finished, but i wasn't thrilled so i went to remove them and half of them tore.  no impressed."
The glowing night time pacifier only glows for a few short hours... unfortunately it stops glowing long before I need it to
Works like its supposed to but if you want your baby to use it then it needs to be his first binky. My son doesn't like it because the part he sucks on is a different shape from his usual binky. I would have loved to use it because he can now pull the binky out of his mouth and he drops it on the floor :(
this worked well for about 2 or 3 months. it just stopped swinging one day. we never used the little leaf with hanging toy it comes with.
I was really hoping my daughter would like these pacifiers but she preferred another brand. She will use these occasionally but she has a hard time keeping the pacifier in her mouth.
"It served it's purpose.  The baby was folded over, and the pacifiers had to be cut out.  Did not like that."
Not what I expected--It will work. You have to cut out then put tape on back of the &#34;pacifers&#34; . I guess you get what you pay for
"The only problem I had with this pacifier was the color! Since it's clear, it was very hard to find it in the crib during the night with low lights.<br /><br />Nowadays my baby prefers her thumb, so she does't accept the pacifier anymore."
"This is the only pacifier my daughter will use, however after less than 6 weeks of use the inner plastic gaurd started to come through the silicone. We have 8 of them all together and only 2 of them had problems though."
My 20 mo daughter loves these (actually trying to ween her off now) but they don't last long and she is abe to pop them with her teeth which flatens the tongue part.
"My newborn did not like these, but we bought 10 different pacifiers and she didn't like any of these either. My oldest loves her NUKs, so I have no idea why these didn't cut the mustard.<br /><br />They are cute, durable and well cut to suit a newborn's face.<br /><br />I'm so sad. Now I am a pacifier for the foreseeable future."
This product would be great for a kids party. You have to cut out all of the pacifiers which was a bit annoying.
"We tried EVERY pacifier imaginable on my daughter.  No dice.  She wanted the 'real deal' or nothing at all.  It's not the pacifier's fault, though.  The design was the closest I could find to being an actual nipple shape and feel, and maybe it would have worked if we'd found it first and introduced it first.  Instead, went the NUK route.  Big mistake.  :("
"So, as far as pacifiers go, this one does the job in that it satisfies my baby...but I really wanted them to glow the way the newborn ones of another brand did so that I could find them in the night. Despite &#34;charging&#34; them at various lengths and in both sunlight and lamplight they only glowed weakly, and for about five mins after the lights went off. I would not buy them again if needing glow in the dark pacifiers."
"My baby loves her medicine in this pacifier. However, the device is a pain to use. It is very hard to close once you have opened it to clean it, because the nipple does not fit very well to the base."
"They were the exact pacifiers that my granddaugher loves and I have a hard time finding them in stores.  However I'm not sure if I missed something on the page when ordering, but they were smaller than normal.  I did not realize I had ordered a smaller size than what I needed. Never saw a size selection."
i would like to hear the environment voices but this does not support it well. when my child cries i can hear it while there is no voice aorund me..
well engineered product but you have to be aware that it is difficult to use this without sufficient space between you and the stroller. with the child in the seat their face is inappropriately located to close to your body and it is hard to reach the grips of the stroller.
"Was thinking Girl Pink, 2 2packs of pink only .. Why only show the one color for girls and one color for boys..The girl pack is 2 2packs of one pink and one turquoise. Thinking the boys is 2 2packs of one blue and turquoise.. But did boil them and my baby girl loves them at 5 months old. She is a NUK girl, only brand she will use. Also noticed that NUK recommends only 2 months of use for heath reasons..<br /><br />Add update-- After my purchase they added pics of the 2 packs for color.."
you get what you pay for. the fan is a bit louder than i hoped it would be and the batteries don't last very long.
"i purchased this product in december 2011 to use on an upcoming cruise in november 2012 for my then 2 year old. however, we never took it on the cruise since we ended up having a bed on the cruise for my daughter. skip ahead to this past weekend when we took the bed (still packed in the box never opened) on a weekend trip to use for my now 3 year old daughter. imagine my disappointment when within 15 minutes after inflation the outer portion of the bed deflated!! i have since contacted the company for a replacement or refund.  was so hoping this product would work out....my daughter really liked it."
"i think when transport it's has scratch before come to me, i disappointment about that. it's not good for me, i want return back but i have no time."
this was a two-pack. i can only use one of the cups. the other one leaks from the side of the cup.
it's a bit deceiving saying that this is a 4 pack when in fact it's sold as two sets of two.  i only needed two of the pacifiers and would have preferred to just get the one pack.
"I like this wet bag, but sometimes have difficulty getting it to close all the way. The drawstring can be finicky. It's not a huge deal to me, but sometimes I wish I had tried a different brand. It's not so bad that I ever will buy a new one though. I have never used the pacifier pouch because I like the ones that can hook on to the outside of a diaper bag much better."
"I dont know if I missed it, but these are &#34;apple&#34; scent, which I dont particularly care for. The container is convenient, but I can never get just 1 wipe out so I feel like I waste a lot."
My daughter hated these. She only likes them when she takes them from her twin brother to make him jealous. I was hoping for a pack like what is shown in the picture but all of mine were just clear. I had hoped to have set colors for each baby but I guess that never mattered with my daughter hating them. They're now almost 6 months and my son is weaning himself off of them now.
I paid $2.30 for each of these nuks. I have the 0-3 mo version and so far my baby likes those better than these but that is as  expected as he will not be 3 months for another week. These seem exactly the same as 0 month ones but they have a slightly thicker round base and ever so slightly thicker nipple.
i was very disappointed in these bottles.  i was really wanting to get glass instead of plastic but the nipples cave in and my daughter was having a lot of gas issues when she used these bottles.  not worth the money.
"Does the job, though its difficult for my four month old to keep in his mouth unless he's actively sucking."
"I think pacifiers come down to baby's preference and my twin newborns won't take these, they only like Nuk pacifiers."
"I don't know what all the hype was about this. Our boy didn't take it at all. The pacifier wasn't orthopedic. So hard to keep clean as there's no cap for it. Once it's dirty you have to wash the entire thing, including plush toy. Wish it had an option to insert a new pacifier."
"These are rather small. Not that you need a big cloth to wipe a pacifier off, but I expected something slightly bigger. I still use them though."
These cases do not open with ease... they seem especially harder to open when baby is wailing for his pacifier.  I do like that you can slip it on to the strap of my diaper bag so I don't have to dig around for it.
"We use a bunch of wubbanubs as they are our son's comfort of choice, but this guy does not hold up well in the wash compared to other wubbanubs.  The mane started to fray, and because the body has a velvety feel, it gets VERY lint-y and looks dirty when it is fresh out of the wash.  My son like it but I would not buy this one again."
"i liked the concept of this toy, but my daughter didn't get it.  i tried to show her how to play with it, but because it was soft, she could pull shapes out of the wrong hole, etc.  i love lamaze toys, but this one was a little bit of a disappointment."
"the second child's &#34;seat&#34; in the back cannot be trusted.  my 3/yo son fell out of the chair three times on the first use, once falling flat on his face from this product.  not sure if it's designed to be used as a seat, but it's obvious it wasn't designed for that use primarily; especially when a baby seat is strapped in front."
"since it was shown as a refill on the same page i was buying the munchkin arm and hammer diaper pail, i wrongly assumed they were the refills for the diaper pail since i had never seen one before...so i found the dispenser for these bags, but the bags are rather large and difficult to tear off so i am not sure i will ever use them..."
"the absorbent towel side is on the back. it also has a tag on that side. so my husband was confused as what side was the front. the patterns are cute, but not absorbent at all. the pink one is like fuzzy flowers. the back is towel material but the front is totally unabsorbent. i use them as drool bibs."
My twins started getting red intentions in their face around 4 months because the pacifier was too small for their mouth. It wasn't because the mouths are big...they are actually small for their age.
My daughter has a difficult time keeping this pacifier in her mouth. I much prefer the nuks to the shape of these pacifiers.
"My baby likes these but when she falls asleep, they don't stay in her mouth like her other paci's do and when they fall out, she wakes up. I had better luck with the Wubanub than just the paci's alone. I also wish you could trade out these paci's with the ones on the Wubanub to wash them; otherwise, these are useless to me."
"I ordered this pacifier for my granddaughter, because it worried me that she would sleep on the rigid pacifiers that we had.  However, she does not like the taste of this one and will not use it."
My daughter will only take this paci but unfortunately the two times I have ordered them they have came in dark blue and red:/ I don't like how you have no color options.
"I opened the package to discover only one spork, meaning, I paid $9+ for only one spork...pretty disappointing!<br />I didn't use it yet but it seems like it could be a nice one, though expensive!"
"i found it, extremely difficult to put on the car and the car seat, the fabric is normal and inside too!!! i don't use it...."
"I picked these pacifiers because of the cute animal designs, it said that the style/color may vary but I thought that meant within the styles/colors shown. The ones I received are totally plain and boring. Since its such a small purchase I can't even return them so now I just have these boring blah pacifiers for my new baby. I'm sure they'll work fine but if you're getting them because of the unique cute little animals be warned."
"the shape is weird and does not lend itself to being a teething toy - those animals are weird to try to bit one, and the handle part is thin.  also, it does not get very cold in the freezer."
I'm Giving a neutral review because my son will not take this pacifier. We have tried several times over a few weeks to have my 5 week old son latch on to this pacifier but he does not seem to like the flat tip design. He will take the Soothie and Gumdrop pacifier that has a rounded tip ( although the Soothie is his favorite). I wanted to like this pacifier but unfortunately I will never know since my son won't take it.
"So I thought this would be my saving grace to not have to endlessly go in and constantly reinsert the pacifier. It helped a little, but only when I propped it up with another wubbanub pacifier."
Read closely.  I did not realize they send you whatever color they want and I wanted the blue in the picture.  Disappointing
"I gave this 3 stars because it does what I wanted it to do... make it easy for my 3 month old to hold onto her soother. However, the re-stitching on this was poorly done. Stuffing was poking out when it arrived and I had to re-do it. I guess I could have just opened up a stuffed animal I already had and sewn a soother to the mouth for as sloppy as this looks."
"Just in case you think they are, these bags are not zipper bags. They are pull strings. They seem like they will work but they are poorly made. The insides of them are already coming apart and they've never been used yet."
"My daughter has had the dog version of this for a while. She loves it, but she is now obsessed with cats. I ordered this one for her crib. She loves it, but within a week or so, the cat's nose has come unstitched. Not the quality I was expecting. I didn't think I would have to be sewing it so soon."
it works.  i would like it if the base matched the one you get with the seat and had the level on it but it works.
"i should preface by saying that i have nothing to compare this too but after reading reviews this seemed to be the best one. i hated the idea of a steel beam being underneath my little one's back so this was the only travel crib for me. we used it for over a week when we were visiting relatives for thanksgiving and whilst it is a snap to get set up, it does become wearing to keep reaching down to pick up and put down a baby. our little boy is 3.5 months and 15lbs and by the end of the week my back was killing me."
the labels that came with them weren't even sticky. ended up throwing them away and just writing on the dividers with a permanent marker. very disappointing!
"the video quality was not great, but it was fine for the price.  the monitor works fine, but the camera night vision quit after 20 months.  it works when the room is light, but that is obviously not when we usually want to use it.  we are just disappointed it didn't last longer."
"my little one prefers the MAM pacifiers, which have a grip surface on the nipple so the baby can keep it in his mouth easier.  what i DID like about these AVENT pacifiers are the caps that go over the nipple for protection. i like that i can toss it in my diaper bag or purse and not worry about the nipple getting dirty."
"I only bought this pacifier because it was supposed to glow in the dark and I thought it would make it easier to find it when my daughter dropped it in the middle of the night. It does glow a little, but not for long. After a few minutes in the dark the glow disappears and in the middle of the night when you most need it it is long time gone.<br />It also has a different shape than the regular Avent. It is not symmetrical and has an up and down side. So, in addition to be as hard to find as a regular pacifier, I still have to figure out in the dark which side is up and down. Conclusion: not really good for nighttime.<br />In a side note, Avents are good quality pacifiers and this one is not different. Better as a day pacifier though."
"This is just for a travel bag holds maybe three diapers, and I never use the pacifier bag. It does hold diapers though and no problems with leaking."
"my baby will not, under any circumstance use this pacifier, we use the NUK pacifier instead because that is what the hospital gave us"
"i bought this for my 4 month old, she doesn't have much interest in it. and it is very hard, so since everything goes in her mouth this did too. she acted as if it hurt her when she bit down on it."
"i have purchased this set and it worked well until the speaker broke all of a suddent. now only video works and not audio. in addition, the range is not great and with a single wall you may lose connectivity."
"we have been using these straw sippy cups now for a few months and have decided that we like them.  they really are spill proof, hold a lot of liquid, and are easy for my daughter to use.  the only flaw is that liquid is held in the straw after my daughter finishes drinking and when she pulls the sippy from her mouth, the straw tends to flick liquid back at her face.  so, she gets hits with a few drops of liquid after most sips.  it's annoying and tends to shock her after each drink."
"These pacifiers are gigantic. I ended up not giving them to my son because they are so much bigger from the other pacifiers he's using. I just didn't want him to get used to this one and not use the other ones I have purchased. Since my son never used them, I really can't say how the quality of these are."
"As other reviews have stated, the Bears logo doesnt last long.  We were careful not to boil or microwave them but didnt matter.  Disappointing since they arent cheap!"
"I was disappointed when I received this item for my son, and the pacifiers were pink! It was clear in the item description that Colors May Vary, but I assumed it was just the design, not blue vs pink. Why would the picture show a blue pacifier, then send me a pink one? Green or yellow would make more sense!"
These work well in an emergency but they do leave a funky taste that may need to be rinsed off.
"My son is totally addicted to his sucker and had no problem switching to this in addition to his other brands. It has never glowed in the dark, though which is why I only gave 3 stars. The glow in the dark feature is the main reason why I bought this brand."
spent a little extra on this set because the numbers and letters are supposed to have little designs on them (as pictured). what got sent to me were plain ones with no designs. i was disappointed.
i gave this bag 3 stars because it's just a average diaper bag that can<br />be found at walmart.  the price isn't bad by any means but for gerber<br />i expected something more sturdy and durable.  this is just an average<br />walmart bag
"I thought this was a neat idea, because my son often drops his pacifier. When I take him out, I use a pacifier clip, but not while we're in the house. However, the nipple and the shape of the Razbaby is too big and clumsy, he didn't take to it. He prefers Nuk pacifiers."
"I am not sure if I just got a bad apple, but when my pacifier came I opened the bag and it smelled weird - like rubber on a tire. The pacifier also tasted like you were sucking on a tire and my 4 month old was not impressed. I think it's a great idea to have the frog attached to the paci and my baby likes to play with the frog but the pacifier tastes weird to him and he won't touch that."
I had to get more of these after my hospital gave this to my newborn - he won't take another pacifier now :(  They are very well made and rubber construction but I had a bunch of another brand.
