god product
"Not use yet, but I like it."
like it
I like it.
Cord retract is a bitch to work.  Have to screw with it to get it to take it all in.
I couldn't use it because it did not have an UL Listed cord on it
Basic hair dryers for a WM price.  Why stand in line when you can get on Amazon for the same price?  I bought one for each bathroom in a rental property.
two speeds and two heat settings.  does not have air only setting.
Delivered on time...as described
Works well for my application.
TY
"As of now no complaints, It's quiet and does the job."
A gift no feedback from recipient.
buen producto
my bathroom looks neater
I like it
Does its job.
Does it job but too noisy
"Pretty average. Just what I needed, though. About what I expected, for the money."
"Recomendado,"
DAUGHTER LOVES IT
works!
"It works well, it's a blowdryer."
Works well and has multiple heat settings and speeds.
cord does not retract majority of the time
thought it was smaller!!
a
K
CONAIR DEFINITELY NEVER LETS ME DOWN...I LIKE IT
It is sturdy and works as described.
Relatively quite. Wish it had a retractable cord.
Lots of power.
works well
"I always used salon hair dryer, compare to that this is only 4 star"
"Purchased as a guest bathroom hairdryer. Between the retractable cord and the folding feature, it fits neatly in a drawer."
Wish it had a cooling button!
It works well
"Well,  I purchased this item just for weatherizing my windows and it worked for that."
Works well..no issues.
I like that the speed of the blower is separate from the heat selection.
Works well
Easliy installed and works well.....
Works well and not too noisy.
conforme con la venta y recomiendo al vendedor
"I like it, meets my expectations."
exelente.
Just a hair dryer.
turbo!
MUY BUENO
Does what it's supposed to do.
Works as advertised.
I being using the same blow dryer for 8 years n I lake it.
I like it
"Bought for husband.  He loves it, which this model came with attachments."
"No problems, arrived as promised."
Too noisy.
"Yes it works in Ireland. Remember to change the voltage selector, and only use it on low (which seemed like medium to me)."
One of the cheaper options for a hair dryer. I like the color and the diffuser works well for those with curly hair!
"For the price I paid, I have no complaints. It works for me & gets the job done.. ... ..."
"have not use this product as of  to date but the delivery was on time and the packaging is just as pictured, no visual defects or scratches."
It works well and dries my hair in a short amount of time...light weight too.  Also like that I can hang it up.
"I do not like Conair products but my wife insisted to get this since the price is low. It will break, it's just a question of when. I recommend looking at a BaByliss."
"Satisified with this unit, it works well. If needed we would probably order another or one similar to it in the future.<br /><br />Thanks,<br />Jackie Wyrick"
"I do wish the cold shot button was colder and the blower was stronger but overall it's nice and when I use it, it does well enough."
This is just a regular hairdryer ordered as a second dryer to have on hand in case I need it
This was a Christmas gift and was what my daughter asked for. It meets her expectations and was just what she wanted.
"The only thing I don't like about it is the dryer cord plugs into the wall.  My last wall mounted dryer had a separate power cord from the wall mount.  Just note this if your mounting the dryer and your electrical outlet isn't close by.  Otherwise, I would recommend this product."
"my wife likes the ion and we both like the power. seems to have all the gizmos. deduct one star for fussy buttons, but seems to be well made"
"excelente vendedor, cumplio con los tiempos establecidos y el porducto se llego a su destino en perfectas condiciones, recomendado 100%"
"este secador es peque帽o liviano muy ligero es bueno. ojo no es par mi, es para mi esposa y a ella le gusto mucho y mas le gusto porque fue un regalo de mi parte...  comprenlo con los hojos serrados"
I love the hair dryer. Dries hair fast only thing I do not like is that the cord gets twisted and I have to fix it before I use it everyday.
"I'm so glad that I finally got one of these for home. Works really well, not too loud and my hair doesn't feel fried like a hand-dryer. My only suggestion is getting a weight to add to the base because it can tip over easier than it should."
"Some ppl have complained it's loud. It's a hair dryer... they tend to not be quiet :) Maybe it's a little louder than my old one, but it doesn't bother me. This seems to dry my hair faster than my old one too. I like that. Plus my hair didn't seem as frizzy as usual."
"This dryer does everything I need it to do. I bought it to use on my dog since he shivers after a bath, he actually lets me use this dryer on him which means I don't have to wrap him in a towel and hold him for a half hour after his bath. I usually air dry my long thick hair but am able to dry it in about 5 minutes if I am in a hurry or it is too cold for wet hair. The price is right, happy with this purchase."
This replaced my very old Sassoon Quiet Dryer. It dries my hair very similarly- it gets plenty hot but doesn't blow too hard so that I can style with a round brush while drying.  The only thing I don't like it is too loud- I plug up my ears while using it.
"I never owned a blow dryer before so i cant really compare drying time. Other than that i like the the item as a CG i choose to only use low heat on my hair with a finger diffuser to dry my hair. Which cuts my 8+ hrs (air drying) down to an hour (if i want it to be 100% dry) of waiting for my hair to dry. A couple of things that knocks this down to 4 stars instead of 5 is that you cant use the switches to keep it on a cool setting only the cool shot button, but holding down on that button while trying to get my entire head feels akward to me. Also, the finger diffuser that comes with it is tiny. I ended up purchasing a larger universal finger diffuser instead to cut down on the drying time."
"Purchased as a gift for my roommate. She likes it. It is quiet, not too heavy, & dries quickly. She stated that it was a bit large, but she was previously using a travel size as her everyday dryer."
"I'm giving this hair dryer 4 stars because I haven't had it or used it long enough to see if there are long term issues. It dries my hair quickly. It is a bit heavy, though.<br /><br />Edit: My hair gets caught in the air intake... it hurts!"
This is an ok hair dryer. I had a previous model and it lasted for a very long time. My only real complaint is that I think it should get hotter on the high setting.
The bad thing about this is that it has a whirlwind that make it hard to dry hair and the (whirlwind causes hair to spin and tangle).<br />The good thing is that it drys quick and is quiet
"This bonnet hair dryer fills the bill.  It dried my hair in no time flat with the bonnet and when I used the dryer wand brush attachment it made my hair very silky.  The one thing I wish is that the bonnet were a bit larger, but all in all it exceeds expectations."
"I'm nervous because even though this hair dryer dried my hair faster (you should blot before using it though), better and softer than the typical one that I'd been using, other reviewers have mentioned their ones shutting off and overheating, and I'm wondering how long mine will last. But I'll buy another one, should mine act up."
"I was told by my hairstylist that this dryer would cut my blow drying time in half. My hair is thick and long, so that really appealed to me. With my boar's round brush, I didn't notice much difference. However, a friend recommended I buy a metal (thermal?) brush with holes in it for quicker drying time, and combining the new brush with the force and heat of the this new dryer, I HAVE cut my drying time in half AND my hair is softer and shinier. GAME CHANGER! When I used my new brush with my old dryer, it did not have the same effect, so it seems to be the combo of the dryer and brush for me. Totally worth it!"
"For years, literally, I'd been searching for a powerful hair dryer, one that didn't cost an arm and a leg. This is it. My hair is thin and wimpy, but still takes several minutes to dry. The longer it takes to dry, the frizzier it gets. (I'm not a pro when it comes to drying my hair. Far from it.) Even if the humidity is high, with this dryer my hair dries fast, frizz-free and straight.     It is heavy for my arthritic hands and arms, so I use a hair dryer stand, similar to [...], that I purchased many years ago at a drug store in their Made for TV section. I haven't timed it, but it seems to take less than five minutes to completely dry my hair.     The cord is approximately six feet long, long enough for my use since I don't walk around while drying my hair. The temperature and air control on the handle are slide levers. With arthritis, particularly bad in my thumbs, I find it somewhat difficult to adjust them, thus the four-star rating.     Color-wise, I'd describe it as a rich salmon. I don't see a purpose to the clear encasement over the dual fans, but that doesn't bother me one way or the other.     Over all, I'm very glad I made this purchase and I do recommend it for people who don't like spending a lot of time under the dryer."
I have a small bathroom and wanted to leave the little space I had on the vanity for other things.  This mounted easily on a wooden cabinet I had next to the vanity.  The dryer is small - not one of those fancy hairdresser models!  But for what I need it for it works just great.
"I bought this from Amazon warehouse deals, so it was a few dollars cheaper. The only thing it didn't have was a box. Everything else was there, and working. There was no damage to the item itself.<br /><br />This hair dryer runs a bit quieter and smoother than my previous one, and has both the concentrator and diffuser, and cold shot, so I'm set. It's light too, so if you spend a lot of time using it your wrist and hand won't get as tired.<br /><br />Great buy for the price. Better than the $30 one I bought at Sally Beauty."
"I am still getting used to the dryer.  As a blow out stylist, it is hard to transition to a new hair dryer.  It is lightweight and quiet.  I am not sure if I notice a big difference with the ion button.  It could just be me, I do move quickly from client to client."
"I received the Revlon Turbo hair dryer sooner than expected. After moving out of my parents and into my own place, I went a couple of months without a hair dryer. I straighten my hair every other day and my hair is really course and thick so it takes a while for my hair to dry on its on without a hair dryer. I wanted something that wasn't pricey so I settled for this one.<br />It does the job! My only complaint is that the cord is really short so you are restricted to just about a 2ft distance away from the outlet when the dryer is plugged in."
"That's right - makes blowdrying pre-flat ironing so quick.<br />Being a curly head, I usually spend a solid hour straightening my hair.<br /><br />This product (with a keratin spray) cuts the time into half, and leaves my hair feeling soft all day long."
"It is well priced.  It does an amazing job at drying hair.  The product performs as advertised. The only negative is the plastic base (legs) are not sturdy (strong, firm) enough to hold the weight of the entire equipment and they will tend to bend a litle.  Pity to build a nice product and have it downgraded because the cheap construction of the base."
I got tired of taking the dryer out of the cabinet and putting it back and the kids &#34;stealing&#34; mine and not putting it back.  Problems solved!  It's attached to the wall :-)  I only wished it was  a little stronger/hotter.
"This  is a good high volume blow dryer.  I need a dryer that will add volume and this one does a nice job.  It comes with 3 attachments - a root dryer, a diffuser and a direction blowing attachment.  The only down side to this dryer is that it is heavy.  Not the worst I've had, but it is not light - so if you have to spend a long time drying your hair, this might not be the dryer for you."
Works very well. I just wish it had a simple on-off switch in addition to a multi-function slide switch. Just a small quibble.
"The instructions for assembling this item were not good.  Obviously written in Chinese or Japanese then poorly translated.  However, my husband did eventually get the item assembled and I have used it only once.  However, I am happy with it.  It is quiet and efficient and dried my hair raidly.  At this point I would recommend this product."
My 90 year old mother likes it the dryer for she doesn't have to hold it like she had to do with a hand dryer and it dries her hair quickly on the medium setting.  I gave it a 4-star for it is difficult for her to get it back in the case and sometimes the hose slips off of the bonnet.
I use this frequently and its working well so far.  A little bigger and louder than I expected but tolerable.
"I did like this product but it was missing pieces when I got it. I couldn't hang it up or keep it together. I am debating ordering another one because I really want to use it, just hope the next time it arrives complete. If it didn't have those missing pieces it would have worked well."
Can only use on the low setting (which is all I use anyway) as the high setting causes immediate overheating.  I really like this dryer from the standpoint that it hardly weighs anything and doesn't make my arms tired (from the weight of a bulkier dryer) while using.  Have been using it for months and it has been reliable (as long as you don't need the high setting).  Has enough heat (even at the low setting) for efficient drying.
"This dryer does what it is made for no more, no less. Definitely quieter than my old dryer, although it seems to take a minute or two longer to actually dry my hair. Neither of the included tips would stay on while in use, but overall I feel I got what I paid for."
I took this hair dryer with me on a trip to Europe this summer.  It takes up very little space and is powerful.  In other words it does the job for which it is intended.
This hair dryer definitely can do the work. It's enough for me who has short hair. I can dry my hair within 3 mins. Hope it lasts long.
"This dryer works very well. It takes a minute to warm up on medium heat. On low heat it feels like nothing's happening unless you start on medium. I like how it covers my whole head, but if i want to get under it or out i have to kinda limbo into it since the hood doesn't easily go back. It also has a weird smell...not too bad. I would recommend this to anyone not using big rollers or give this as a gift"
"The hair dryer has worked really well, my only complaint is that the cord is quite a bit shorter than my last one. I would give this product five stars if the cord was longer."
This works for me. I like a small hairdryer. It is plenty powerful and plenty pink!
I really enjoyed this product. I have thick hair and overall it dried it quicker than any other blow dryer i ever had. i received it on time and just as shown in the picture thats how i got my product.
"I purchased this item so I could return to styling my granddaughter's hair at home. I was very upset that she and her mother had chosen to perm her hair, because it is falling out terribly. The dryer functions very well with minimum noise. She does not mind sitting under it. Her hair was thoroughly dried. It stores very well out of site in a closet. My grandson tries to use the stand as a coat rack. Overall, I am pleased with my purchase."
"I love the lower noise of this unit but it doesn't have near the volume of air of our other hand driers.  Takes a little longer to dry but, at least you aren't killing your hearing while you are doing it!"
"Tried this hair dryer in a high class hotel.  Loved the power of the blower.  For some reason the blowers on name brand hair dryers I have gotten in the past are weak and it takes longer than it should to dry my hair.  Inspite of its smaller size, it packs a lot of punch.    And the folding and retractable cord feature is a nice added bonus.      The only complaint would be the location of the release button for the retractable cord.  It's in an awkward loaction on the body of the dryer but I suppose that couldn't be helped.  In any event, its a very minor complaint.    If you are in the market, I would highly recommend this hair dryer."
"ANY T3 product purchased on Amazon is NOT recognized by the company (i.e. manufacturer warranty NOT honored). I tried to register my product and found that my serial number was already registered... I contacted the company and was told that neither Amazon nor the reseller are authorized resellers for T3. This could mean a number of things... Nevertheless, I love this dryer, which seems to work extremely well. I decided to take my chances with this &#34;version&#34; of the T3 Micro Featherweight Luxe, which is about half the price of one from the manufacturer or an authorized reseller."
"The hairdryer is basic, but works fine.  Average noise level.  My only complaint is the cord is shorter than other models I've owned."
"My small 'emergency' hair dryer exploded, so I bought this one. It works very well; I have no major complaints."
I've used it 3-4 times now and it dries quite quickly. I have hair; locs down the middle of my back and I like that the bonnet is large so that my entire head dries. I tend to either braid or curl my locs and it takes forever to dry them when I set them. But I can sit under this dryer for an huor or less and my hair is fully dry.  I did not give a 5 because one of the casters arrived broken. I haven't had time to make a claim with the company and I probably won't because it's such a pain in the neck. I just chose not to insert the wheels.
"This dryer is soooo powerful and dries hair very quickly, which is the point, i understand.  My only complaint is that its so powerful that the little attachment tools get blown off very easily and i find that very frustrating.  Im learning to dry my hair w/o the benefit of those little diffusers.  Not so bad but for the money they should have them screw on instead of just popping on so that they wouldn't blow away like they do."
the blow dryer delivered to me was white and black...it was not the silver/black that I ordered but it does dry my hair.
"I love this dryer. I haven't had any problems with it at all and I've been using it for a few months. I love the diffuser and the concentrator. When my previous ionic dryer died after ten years, I had to use a regular 1875 watt dryer for a few days and IT WAS AWFUL! This dryer is faster and does not cause frizz or flyaway like a regular dryer. I haven't had any issues with it getting too hot or attachments popping off as mentioned in a few other reviews. I also haven't had any issues with the nonslip coating peeling or anything like that but I put the dryer away after each use so it is not out on the counter getting sprayed with perfumes and hairsprays etc. I would definitely purchase this product again and highly recommend it."
Only 4 stars because it does not have a retractable cord.  Otherwise the product works as expected and does have an extra long cord.
I bought this product even after reading negative reviews. I've only used it twice since it was delivered. I haven't had the problems that many mentioned. It didn't deliver the velocity of air flow I had hoped for and I have thin long hair. It hasn't cut down my drying time but has left my hair smoother than my old drier.
"I love it. It's quick, it's so pretty and girly and nice, but just one little issue-<br />The cold button isn't really letting out cold air like other hair dryers, and it only works if you keep pressing it, which can be quite tricky and therefore annoying."
"It's not that small, and quite heavy. It works reall well! But not really portable, or light enough to be a travel dryer."
"This hair dryer is fast, it folds down well my only beef is that is sometimes sticks and the cord soesnt retract all teh way. but only by about an inch or 2 not a huge deal!"
It dries my hair very fast but is a little on the heavy side.
Slightly larger than I hoped but works for me. Does not pack down very small.  Does dry my hair fairly quickly.
This dryer works really well. I have long hair and hate having to wait to dry it. this dryer cut down the amount of time it takes. It also has three speed settings witch is nice.
"My hairstylist recommended I buy an ionizer hairdryer because it does not dry out hair as much as others. I invested a couple hours researching on line and reviewing the products here at Amazon. In the end, I selected the Conair Ion Shine because it was 1875 watts, was an ionizer, was priced affordably, and the design seemed good.<br /><br />Now that I have received the item and have had some time to use it, here are my ratings:<br />STORABILITY: 2.5 stars  There is a hanging loop, but  the cord is heavy and awkward. The unit is heavy enough that whatever hook one would hang it from would have to be substantially mounted so it would not pull out of the wall. (Wall mounting is not an option for me). Also, after only two uses, the cord has already begun to twist, which is a negative.<br />VALUE: 4.5 stars  I knew the Amazon price was reasonable, even lower than my local discount stores. After I purchased this item,  I found the same model at BIG LOTS for a dollar more and in different colors.<br />PERFORMANCE:  5 stars  Dries hair quickly without using high heat temps. Unit comes with a few attachments. The diffuser is really large and awkward to store. The unit has a hinged filter that opens easily for cleaning. The removable filter is the standard small piece of material that I have seen in other high-tech fan devices, including the high-end SmartTechnologies Smart Board in my classroom. I'm figuring the filter material is pretty standard. In my previous hair dryer, the fan did not have a removable filter for cleaning; eventually the old fan clogged so horribly (despite my attempts to brush it out)that it slowed down and eventually killed the unit.<br /><br />Other note: If a younger child will be using the unit, she may find the unit feels heavy or hard to hold after a while. I suggest looking for one of the smaller, portable units for tweens."
"I was skeptical to think that an expensive hair dryer could be better than my basic, cheapie Conair I had been using, but it totally works!  It's alot heavier than I thought it would be but you don't have to hold it as long because my hair actually dried faster.  I got lured in by the coupon but it was still alot to spend.  My hair was healthier, indeed shinier and less frizzy after blow-drying.  I wasn't exactly sure how to use all the nozzle attachments and when to use which for what, but I'm still experimenting."
"Got this product 2 weeks till now, everything works out fine, while the switcher is too flat and thus hard to switch, for example, you will need to push very hard to switch from low to mid wind. This might be a design problem of this product."
"like hair dryer ok, my husband found it frustrating to install, strength of air flow needs to be a little harder."
"This hairdryer works fine, is light to handle and not too loud.  It does, however, have a burst-of-cold-air button which is difficult to use.  It's positioned in such a way that you feel it should be pushed UP instead of IN. This button is rectangular and flat, again making it look and feel like it should be pushed up and not in.  Trying to push this button IN is often somewhat difficult (too thin; too highly set) and takes several tries.  If it weren't for that button, which I seem to use a lot, I'd have given it 5 stars instead of 4.  Other than that, I do like this hairdryer."
it's functional for a 20 dollar item.<br />one complaint though is the burnt smell it gives off; it makes the product seem really flimsy and cheap and uncomfortable
Dries my long hair in about 10 minutes
FOR THE MONEY ITS FINE鈥IND OF SMALL. POWERFULL. DESIGN AND COLOR ARE GREAT.CORD IS SHORT TOO鈥ONT BE FAR FROM OUT-LET
Has a lot of power for the compact size.  I use it daily - takes up minimal space on the counter and will be convenient for traveling too.
"It's a hair dryer, not exactly a cure for the common cold.<br /><br />I like it. It does dry my thick african-american hair very quickly and leaves a shine. I cannot give it five stars because the cord is too short - could be a tad longer - I constantly have to re-plug in the socket."
I really like the dryer and the price isn't to bad either. The only compliant I have are the switches are right where you hand/fingers go and I keep flipping them when I don't want too.
"Purchased this dryer after reading several positive reviews.  I have thick, curly hair that I dry straight with a paddle brush.  My hair is definitely softer and smoother (I also use a leave in conditioner, glossing gel and heat protecting spray).  This dryer has cut the time it takes to dry my hair from 45 mins. to 25-30 mins. (depending on how damp my hair is when I start)  The only reason I did not give it a 5 star rating is because after the first two weeks of using the concentrator tool on a daily basis it no longer fits snug on the dryer.  It doesn't come off during use but it does rotate around and I am constantly repositioning it which is a bit annoying.  I've only had it for a few months so I can't comment on it's lifespan.  For the cost, I wouldn't hesitate to purchase another one if the need arises."
"I bought this blow dryer to replace a previous, different brand that was beginning to fail.  The wall-mount installation was extremely easy, since I was able to reuse the metal mounting plate from my previous blow dryer.  The base (i.e. wall-mounted) unit contains the ground fault circuit interrupter, so the cord itself looks just like a normal cord.  The length of the plug cord can be adjusted by winding it on the backside of the base unit before sliding the unit onto its mounting plate.  Drying is quick, and the only criticism I have for this appliance is that it is quite loud, especially on its Medium & High settings."
"Just a small average hair dryer. So far it's worked every time! Wow!<br /> Actually it works nicely to dry my razor and occasionally my hair (yes, I'm a guy)."
Andis products are good in general but the resin comb is crap. It needs to be a hard unbreakable plastic instead because it won't last for use in the salon. Also the picture for the product shows 3 attachments and I only received a nozzle and the resin comb.
"The dryer works very well. The only issue I have is, the bonnet is a bit small and it's too tight. There is no way to loosen the string."
"It works for me well because I have thin hair, if you have thick hair or very long hair, you will spend five hours with it. It works well and is very comfortable."
I bought for my wife.<br />My wife choose this one.<br />She said it works very good.<br />She likes it.<br />But little heavy.
I have used it a few times and it works very well for the price. The cord could be a little longer however.
I like this hair dryer a lot.  It does dry my hair faster and it is quieter compared to my old 30 dollar dryer.  The only con is that it is heavier than my old dryer.  I'm a little concerned about how it was packaged.  It looks like the item was opened and then repackaged.  Each piece inside the box was repackaged and closed with twisty ties.  Hopefully I won't have any problems with it and it will last.  I would recommend this dryer to anyone who has thick hair and a lot of it!
"My last hairdryer bit the dust and I was looking for something powerful and inexpensive to replace it.  It was also a Conair 1875, perhaps 5 years old.<br /><br />This Conair is quite a bit lighter and quieter but just as powerful.  My hair is very thick and I was concerned it would take too long to dry my hair.  It actually dries a little faster.  I also have been using the Cool button to finish off drying a section and it seems to reduce frizziness and makes my hair look a little smoother.<br /><br />My biggest complaint is the location of the switches.  They are toggle switches, placed on the handle right where you grip the handle with your palm.  It is quite awkward to grip this and not flip the switches.  Quite a pain.  I wonder if anyone actually tested the design of this hairdryer before putting it on the market?  Its pretty annoying.  I have been able to hold it at an awkward angle to get my hair drying done."
"Yeah, it will dry your hair. What else do you want it to do? It won't work without electricity though."
"Only had this item for about a week, but so far it seems to work well.  Got it mounted on the wall and it works.  The only thing I'm not thrilled with is the night-light built into the base is extremely dim.  Its bordering on the unhelpful level of dimness.  It would be nice if this was just a bit brighter, but thats not why we bought it anyway, we got it for the hair dryer.  My 3 ladies of the house have used it and like it so far.  Hopefully it will last a while, but if not, its not an expensive accessory, so we'll have to see how long it lasts."
"So far it works very well, however when I first turned it on it smoked a little, A very tiny amount.  I don't know if that's normal or its going to explode, I will write another review if the worst happens."
I wish it was a little bit stronger and a little bit hotter but it does the trick.. I have thick THICK hair and my blow drying skills are subpar so In the hands of a skilled person id say 4 stars!
Seems to be a very well made dryer.  Enough power for me with the two settings.  A little awkward to turn it on and off on the main piece but no big deal. We put it in a cupboard so it is out of the way.
Dries my hair quicker than my older one.  A little heavy though
"Traveling on business often allowed me to try quite a few hotel hair dryers over the years.  The features I like about the Andis hair dryers I've used were that they were not too large or heavy, they had medium heat to medium-high heat, they didn't blow too hard, and they were relatively quite.  I've used some hair dryers that almost gave me wrist strain trying to hold them, and some that caused your ears to ring once your hair was dry.  The Andis' hangup models seem to find a good compromise between function and low noise levels. I've put these in all our bathrooms at home, since they can be used without disturbing others in the house even if they are sleeping.  Some different models of Andis dryers I've owned before would stop working after about a year due to a diode on the on/off switch overheating and failing, but this model doesn't seem to have that issue.  Other nice features that this 30975/HD-10L has are that there is no GFI transformer plug at the end of the cord...It's built into the base housing of the dryer.  Also, this unit comes with a cord hang-up bracket which can be placed on either side of the base. Like other hair dryers the on/off switch will reset to the off position when it's placed back into the base wall holder. Taking the dryer out of the base again will resume the flow of warm air. Some reviewers have complained of the brightness of the built-in nightlight. It's not annoying to me and it can be use it as the only nightlight in the bathroom. If I could ask for only one additional feature, it would be a way to change the color of the LED light.  There are many LED nightlights on the market that let you select what color you'd like the light to have, and lock it to that color.  This would be a nice feature to have on this unit, and might please those that think the light is too bright.  Last, this unit has a metal wall bracket and paper template, so it's actually very easy to install. The plastic base then screws to the metal plate, once mounted, with two small screws hidden by the hair dryer when it's in the base. Any excess cord can be hidden inside the base, so between not having an unsightly GFI box on the plug end and the fact that you can shorten the cord to just a few inches, if needed, makes for a very clean installation. No cords unsightly tangled cords hanging around your bath to get caught on other stuff.  And not having the GFI plug allows other appliances like cordless tooth brushes, shavers, or rollers to be used on the same wall outlet without the adjacent plug(s) being blocked.ted, with two small screws hidden by the hair dryer when it's in the base. Any excess cord can be hidden inside the base, so between not having an unsightly GFI box on the plug end and the fact that you can shorten the cord to just a few inches, if needed, makes for a very clean installation. No cords unsightly tangled cords hanging around your bath to get caught on other stuff.  And not having the GFI plug allows other appliances like cordless tooth brushes, shavers, or rollers to be used on the same wall outlet without the adjacent plug(s) being blocked."
"At less than $8.00 a unit at the time of purchase, I bought 2 pieces for my family. They certainly do the trick and are comparable to any other dryer purchased in the past costing over $16.00."
Hair dryer works well with plenty of heat and air. Can't beat the price! I bought it to heat dry electronics that may have gotten wet or need dust blowed out.
"I liked the dryer, I have thick hair so it usually takes forever to dry.  The only complaint I have, I wish the hard hat could be used to lower the dryer rather than the arm its attached to."
"I think this hair dryer dries well and the motor is relatively quiet.<br /><br />I always use this hair dryer with the diffuser on.  I find that it is not particularly ergonomic or light-weight.  Sometimes while holding the dryer, I accidentally change the heat setting.  Perhaps I just need to use it a little longer to get used to it (my previous hair dryer was smaller and didn't have a diffuser attachment)."
"As its a lot stronger than Conair's hair dryer and can get your hair dry in 15 mins (I have waist length thick wavy hair). Not very heavy (I am a small person and it doesn't feel heavy in my hand). Like all other hair dryers it does dry out your hair and damage it. If you use it on the highest setting and for longer duration like 25 mins, you will not need to straighten your hair too much as this itself would do the job. However, unlike the straightener, this will keep the volume of your hair."
"THIS IS THE BEST DRYER I HAVE EVER OWNED!!!<br />The only reason it got 4 stars instead of 5 is because it showed 2800 watts when I ordered it, yet when I received it, there were 2200 watts.  Still ok.....yet a little misleading!!!<br />EXCELLENT PRODUCT!!!  Can't go wrong!!!!"
I chose a less expensive dryer because I have no need for a powerful one.  It serves my needs well with just the basic functions.
"I bought this because it was a dual voltage and a travel edition as well.  With no plug in within the bathroom, it had very limited use."
A little bit too big for travelling
"The hair dryer does its job, but takes way to long. The heat coming out of the dryer could be hotter to help get the job done quicker. I bought and use this hair dryer to blow dry my beard every morning, about half of the time I just go out into my garage and use an air nozzle hooked up to my compressor and get the job done a lot quicker."
Works very well. A little hard to mount on the wall . Careful measuments are needed
I found this dryer to be sufficiant for my needaa bot a little onn the heavy side. So far it has worked out welll.<br />Linda
"The hair dryer delivered all that it promises. The one problem I had was that it shut down for 5-10mins when it overheated...I have long, thick hair so I was patient but it was a bit frustrating. It shut off 3 times during the hair drying process.<br />Anyone with short/med length fine hair should have no issues. Remember to change the voltage on dryer to whatever the requirements are in the country you're visiting."
"This dryer replaced the one I bought in College years ago also a conair. It folds up to fit in your luggage, it has two heat settings and cold air as blasts. My Dog likes it, and runs when he sees me taking it out. I haven't had any issues."
"Dried my hair with no problem, but the cords are on the short side."
It dries your hair. Not much else to say.
A gift for my 11 year old daughter. She has thick hair and she has had no complaints with it
It does dry my hair faster! And I have had this for a couple months and can find nothing that I do not like about it!
"I recently purchased this bad boy for the 2nd time. I was distraught when I went to dry my hair one morning and my old dryer wouldn't turn on :/ I ran to Target and grabbed a cheap Conair dryer but hated it after a couple of uses. I wound up ordering this a few days later. It's much quieter than many dryers I've used. It has different heat settings that you can toggle, and it's not too heavy. It's definitely my go to dryer."
"the cord is too long.  if the cord had a spiral or curled design, it would be  a lot easier to use and take up less space."
I like this dryer. It helps to straighten your hair. I do hate that the combs are plastic and probably won't last too long. If you have really coarse hair be careful with the combs because they just might break. All in all it's worth the price.
"I like having a small, but powerful hair dryer that doesn't take up much space in the bathroom or suitcase when needed.  Would have preferred the cord to be white so it wouldn't be as noticeable in the bathroom, but just a minor disappointment.  Also, the on/off/heat setting control is a little hard to move, which is why I gave it 4 stars rather than 5."
"It's an average blow dryer I use it every day and haven't had any issues, if you're looking for a simple everyday blow dryer this will do the trick."
Don't know if the Ionic Conditioning is working but my hair dries fast. Only use it once in a while since I use it to dry my hair on cold days.
"We use this dryer when we in Europe.  It is small and packs well, and works like a dryer should.  Nothing negative to say, but it is just a travel dryer, and 5 stars seemed a bit much."
"I have VERY thick hair and needed a dryer that wouldn't take forever to dry my hair.  This one is a bit loud, but it does the job and doesn't make my hair too frizzy."
I wish there was a comb our brush attachment other than that works
"i bought this for my wife because i broke her other one.  she likes it, it works like her other one."
"I put three of these in a rental and two have held up well, the other one still works but plastic parts broke.<br />."
This dryer packs a lot of punch for a small footprint.  Light/small enough to travel.  Haven't tried the 220V option yet.
I don't like that the diffuser doesn't prevent my hair from blowing all over the place when I'm trying to dry my curls with little air movement.
"This lightweight dryer simply does the job with no fuss - plain and simple - nothing complicated - you plug it in, turn it on, dry your hair ... done.  Bought an extra for the guest bathroom."
Dries hair relatively fast. The only disappointment would be the quality of the switches.  They seem flimsy and may not hold up well.
I do like how this dryer feels as I hold it. There is a lot of air that is coming from the unit. I just wish it were hotter. I have very thick hair and it takes forever to dry. It seems as if the hottest setting is the same temperature as &#34;warm&#34; on any other dryer that I have had.
"I was a little skeptical about buying this blow dryer because of the mixed reviews, but I have had the dryer for at least a month and had no problems with it.  I like it very much."
"I bought this as a gift for myself.  I was a wee bit disappointed, as it didn't live-up to the quietness of my past ionic dryer.  It 'blows' hard and is quite noisy relative to it - even on the low blower setting.<br /><br />However, the hand set is comfortable and it does the job with lots of blowing noise."
I've had this dryer since July and use it daily.  It's no better or worse than any other dryer I've used in its price range.  Previously bought one for $89 (CHI) because it was quiet; it quit working after 13 months -- 1 month past the warranty period.  Keep in mind:  This dryer is NOT quiet.
"Heavier and clumsy to use, but the ion as well as defusier does work well with short hair.....well made and sturdy."
"This hair dryer is small and powerful, I use it every day. The &#34;hot&#34; setting is definitely hot and I wouldn't necessarily recommend using it often (I'm under the impression that is bad for your hair!), though I admittedly use it a lot when I'm running late. My only complaint is the length of the cord, it's ridiculously too short!"
"It smoothes the fizzies and folds down compactly to store when done.  It has three speeds instead of two, so doesn't blow too furiously at lowest setting, which makes it easier to style my hair (doesn't blow it off of the styling brush)."
Pleased with my new Conair hair dryer and the option for choices on level of drying. I am a little disappointed that occasionally the cord &#34;hangs up&#34; as it is retracting and is very difficult to start again.
"This thing is still great even though it has a kinda awkward handle, but that's what allows it to fold, so it is a necessary evil. Never had a device with a retractable cord work so well either. If you want a compact well drying hair dryer, this is a no brainer. I would definitely buy it again."
"It works as expected, the button to retract the cord is little stiff otherwise it is prefect."
unfortunately the heat and fan speed are together - can't have high speed will medium heat. the heat off button helps.
The hairdryer takes a lot longer to dry my hair with compared to the one I had in the past. I don't notice any difference like it claimed in the description to help ease flyaways and tame hair.
"This hair dryer works well, dries my hair quicker than others I've used in the past. My only complaint is the weight, could be lighter."
"This works well and is easy to use, the cord from the base to the drier could be a little longer"
"I got tired of paying $50 per week to get my hair washed, so I decided to do it myself and purchase a dryer.  Of course,this dryer is not going to have the same power as the one at the salon, but it does the job.  The only thing I didn't like was the wheels were so hard to place into the unit.  I had to get someone to help me hammer the wheels in because the holes were too small."
Not too big and not too small! Does it's job well!
I mean it works well. I just wish they'd label this as PINK AND BROWN.
"Works find, just hope it lasts longer than my previous hair dryer!"
"I can't seem to keep the comb attachment on, but I think that is because my hair is so thick. Other than that, it works. Does what it is supposed to!"
Works as it should.  Have dropped it on hard wood floor a few times and it has still worked well and no chipped plastic.
"Works well, base is a little large compared to others I've had. Can't beat the cost."
"Works well, BUT what I needed was a really long cord.  This hair dryer has the standard length cord - disappointed"
"I like it but the only problem is everytime I dry my hair, the front cover always falling out :("
This dryer is hard to turn on and off
"Installation may be difficult for you because of the wall anchors that come with the hair dryer.  They spin when used, in the wall, and will not grip, and so are useless.  We would have also liked to see Robertson head screws used, instead of Phillips.  It was necessary to purchase several different Phillips screwdrivers to grip the screws. The screws were over-tightened in the base at the factory making it very difficult to remove them for use in attaching the hairdryer to the base."
"I have thick hair and this dryer saves about 10 minutes off drying time. My hair looks smoother, as if I've had a salon blowout. I'd recommend it."
"These were a VG price, so I bought 4 of them so that I could have one in each of my bathrooms for my guests...was tired of having to lend my dryer to family and friends staying overnight at my house."
"Works very well on my hair. One thing that stinks, though, is that the concentrator piece on the end of the hairdryer comes off every now and then and it can become very annoying."
But I forgot to change the voltage switch.  So sad.
Loooooved this dryer. About a year and a half in and it's no longer working. Not an awful timeline but disappointing for the price.
"Nothing wrong yet, had it for a while. Handle is peeling a bit, some people might care, I don't. I'm spoiled by salon quality dryers so you get what you pay for - wish this was hotter sometimes, wish the peeling didn't happen, but it's not affecting the job it's doing so whatever. It's just a dryer!"
"I can't say that I have any complaints about the way this product works. My expectations have been met. However, I was very disappointed that they would not honor the warranty because they said that Amazon is not an authorized seller. When I paid $160.00 for a hair dryer, I hoped I could get a warranty."
Good hair dryer for the price! thank you!
Perfect
"This hair dryer is amazing!<br /><br />only flaw: there's no swivel cord, making it resist moving around.<br /><br />Otherwise, its great! the PERFECT size for my weekend bag and there are plenty of settings."
This is great!!!
Bought for my girlfriend and she proclaims its the best she has ever owned.
Works great!
Great dryer !!!!
Very happy w this ourchase
works perfectly as described
Awesome
It is the best
Work Great !
Great Product. Lives up to its promise .Its been 2 months so far.<br />Love my hair after I use it !
Awesome Blow Dryer!! It works just like it says. I would recommend it to everyone!
Excellent
great!
Great travel dryer!!!
Good!!
Great hair dryer for the price!  I have a lot of hair and it works well!
Best Dryer I have ever used....Expect when it start over heating...Hope to see a fix soon....<br /><br />Highly recommended ... ...
"I travel all over the place.  This is a great dryer!  It packs well, dries well, and  works in all countries."
"My friend got this from me as a b-day gift, she is absolutely happy! she takes it everywhere she travels."
"excellent, so good!"
very good
Very good works welll
Very good dryer.
Great power blow dryer for wonderful price.
This dryer works well for drying my hair type.  It adjusts perfectly when sitting and it stores very nicely away
Good product and quite!
Good!
Good!
This product was in good condition when I received it. Shipping was nominal. Thank You!
Works great.. very good product
I bought this for my wife and daughter. They tell me that it works great. Very good product and price.
It works great and I haven't had any issues at all.
Great
Bought it for my daughter - Works great  and she likes it.
"Great hairdryer, does what it needs to."
Yes it works great
Great contr
Great buy
It works great.
"The wattage is great.  However, the heat and fan controls seem to be in the way  on  the handle.  I need to  &#34;choke up&#34; closer to the heating area so that I don't accidentally move the settings."
works great.
Works great.
Great product
works great
Great dryer for my hair.  Felt drying time faster
Great blow dryer.
ALL OF MY CUSTOMERS ARE HAPPY
The retracting cable feature stopped working on me after a year. The dryer still works great after every day use.
works great
"Great hairdryer, timely delivery"
"Great hairdryer. I've added a diffuser, and it's great for my curly (and therefore frizz-prone) hair."
Great product
Great for traveling.
Great product for the price
Great dryer for the money
They work great.
Great for travel.
"This has been a great tool.  The temp control, tools, looks have all been as claimed from the site."
Great space saving idea.
great
great.
Considering the lower price this Conair Turbo Slyler does everything it claimed it could do. I used another brand before and wasn't happy with it.
THIS IS A GREAT BLOW DRYER FOR THE PRICE ALTHOUGH I WOULD LIKE IT IF THE CORD WAS A BIT LONGER.
retractable cord doesn't always retract but I didn't buy it for that. <br />Very happy with the way it dries my hair.
Love it!!
This is a very nice dryer.
Works very nice on both voltages
It works good and has a great nightlite
excellent I love it
Works great; looks good on wall.
Nice and lightweight!
Love this hair dryer.  Mount it on the wall in the bathroom and it works great!
Wish it had more attachments. Great value though!
My wife is very satisfied with the gift that was purchased for Christmas.  When she is happy I am happy and that is speaks volumes for the product.
This dryer is wonderful it is even better than I expected<br />Thanks
Good one as expected...and my wife using it....she is happy to use it....
It arrive on time I like how it looks and is a good hair dryer for my hair and the price is great
"Tried many Dryers, this one seems the best I had. Salient point, hair does not burn, it dries. Which is what a dryer should do."
This is a good hairdryer for travel and okay for every day it's not the best driver I've ever used but it does the trick.
Light weight with great power.<br />It has great heat and I would recommend<br />to friends and family! Thank you conair!
Very satisfied. Works great for frizz control.
I bought this dryer for travel and it is perfect.  Plenty of power and folds up<br />For easy packing.
Excellent power with easy to use temperature change contol.
Love this item. The heat is perfect for my hair and did i mention tht delivery was great. Came right on time!!!
Great dryer; better price...good buy!
Works great!  Does what it is supposed to do and is compact and easy to use with good features too
Very good. Fast shipping and works awesome!
"This is not the best hair dryer that I wanted but its still does its job. Cute, handy and affordable."
Good.
"Great blowdryer for the price that gets the job done. However, the &#34;High&#34; setting is noisier than I would have liked."
Works good
Good product.
loved it. broke after a year
good
Good merchandise for the price. A++
good for rv's
Good
Good product
good product all well
It's a good hair dryer the attachment just won't stay on 馃槖
Good seller. I received the product on time and without problems. I recommend for all.
"Bought for wife.  Must be good, she takes it in all the trips"
Good product for the price
Mini but works good
Works good
loved this product
Good Product. Does the job well.
Good hair dryer.
good one and does the job
Good price
Good price
Does a good job for the price. I like the diffuser.
"Good, work well"
Good hair dryer with fair price.
"Fair power. Considering the price price, it's a good quality product."
good
Good product - still using it.
Good. Just hope it can be cheaper.
good dryer
Makes a good dryer for my daughter to take to college with her.... would recommend it again and would buy again.
Good deal for the price. Could use increase in blower speed. Like the ability to change heat setting. Would recommend.
It is convenient and one doesn't have to bend a stretch to locate it.  It hangs on the wall and the night light is great!
Semi-Embarrassed to Admit that I'm a guy who uses a blow dryer. But that being said I don't have to use product anymore and my hair looks good after like 2 mins of blowdrying. yay?
"It is still working, I like that. I ordered it up sometime ago for the MRS. She's has made no complaints which pleases me so Conair has done good with this one."
"dryer is excellent ,night light not to good."
Very powerful and comes with great accessories and a carry bag!
"With a reasonable price, this conair hair dryer is good! Have tried it for couple times, it did perform a great work!"
Nice dryer and very handy wall mount.
"Very good easy installation.would recommend to anyone to try it,saw this in hotel and loved it"
i needed a blow dryer for college this was cheapest one i found and it has a cool setting works perfect for me
"Very good buy is what I was looking for gifts, it is in very good condition and I have no complaints, thanks."
I was really impressed with this Andis 80405 lightweight ceramic ionic blow dryer. My hair was more straighter than I thought it would be. I  also love the comb attachment.
This is a good product at a good price. I wish for more choices high/medium/low power and heat but it does a real good job and the night light has been a bonus for our guests
Excellent Hair dryer - powerful blower with max heat....
Works great and I love the retractable cord.
I purchased this unit for a family member and it is a great fit. The light weight and compact size is perfect for her at home use. She hasn't used it for travel.
"this is an excellent product, and we also received excellent service.  We have a few items already from this company Andis, and are extremely happy with all of them."
I purchased this rigid cover hair dryer for my wife.  She is very pleased with the results.  It works well for her.
"Appears well made, has a good fan speed and heats up well for a compact dryer.  Nice to have a hook to hold the cable."
"I love it! I am a hair stylist and I was looking for a decent one just for myself at home, and boy were my standards exceeded! Its very powerful for its size and I love the attachments that cone with it. Great price for a great blow dryer! Very Happy!"
"It isn't the stronger dryer I have used, but it is very adequate and it is easy to handle. The shipping was quick and perfect. So If your dryer dies This was a great substitute!! Thank you."
Perfect size and great performance. Be sure and mount to wall with screws. I tried supplied sticky tape first and it fell off the wall within 3 days
Exactly what I wanted. Excellent dryer.
"Because of the placement on the blower, it takes up more space than I anticipated.  It does the job!"
"Not as hot as the dryer it replaced, but I adapted.  The retractable cord is a wonderful feature."
Love it!
This was a top beauty buy of 2012 and it is a cheap and great buy for a hair dryer works great buy and deal
This product was easy to mount on the wall and works perfectly.  The temperature settings are easy to select and change.
My granddaughter uses it every day to fix her beautiful red hair as she is a dye in the wool hello kitty fan. Oh the dryer works perfectly.
"it is a good dryer, for the size of it, it has good drying power. It is easy to pack for trips."
Great item-- quick service--thanks!
"Don't use it for more than 5-10 minutes/week.  But works great, very comfortable to hold.  Just what I needed for my purposes."
"Everything I expected , a very good product , for the price this is a very good purchase and I give it a good rating"
"Nice hair dryer, dual voltage comes in handy."
Good quality and value I love it
Nice blower.
It is good and I am satisfied
Nice price nice product no complaints
Nice machine
"This dryer works great, and I really like the diffuser attachment.  Great buy for the price."
I loved the Remington iconic ceramic hair dryer.
Bought thid for my girlfriend... she liked it
Nice
Bought as a gift as well. But guess they liked it.
Nice
"bought it for the wife, and she no longer keeps the blow dryer under the sink. I would say she liked it to :"
Bought these for our rental beach house.  The retractable cord was our favorite feature.  A good price for this unit.
"Is the perfect size for my teenage niece.  She loved the color, settings and temperatures.  Would be a good hairdryer for any non-professional."
"This product was a great investment, three clients love it's power and heat. I love it. Please buy this product."
"No complains, my wife use it every day. (Good hair dryer, Oster Professional 76932-710 Wall Mount Hair Dryer )  Great!."
"Puchased November 2010. I liked this hair dryer but it blew after 6 weeks.  However, I contacted the company and they replaced it within about a week at no cost."
"great size, lots of power, perfect size, great price, love the extras, but don't care for pink! Had no choice."
"Nightlight is very bright! Beware if bathroom is off the bedroom, you may need to cover it to tone it down. Otherwise, the hairdryer is excellent - nice to be able to set power for either 1200 or 1600 watts (recessed switch, takes a tool). Then you have high/low finger switch."
"Doesn't fry my hair like my last blow dryer, easy to store with retractable cord. It has a number of settings as well. Great buy! Got great rating from Good Morning America. (The reason I bought it)."
This is awesome I really love it;)
"It works great, I love the color, compact style. Easy to work and handle. It will travel nicely as well."
"I love this hairdryer, perfect size - the night light is perfect in the bathroom.  This is the second one I purchased."
"Perfect size with right amount of power.  I have very short hair and travel often, this is the perfect balance for power and size."
"Very nice blow dryer. Bit of an odor the first uses, it needs to burn off before it will fade. Pretty and very happy with the number of speed and heat settings."
Awesome! Hair dries faster and looks smooth and shiny!  I took one star off is because of the cost.  I even didn't mention to my hobby how much this thing cost.
"This is a great hair dryer!! It's cooler than most, which is what gives hair its shine and control. Works very well."
great product and at a great price.....just the type of product I seek out. The andis dryer is light and comfortable to hold...and easy to use.
It's been over a year since i bought this. it's working well. Pretty good value!
"Lightweight and effective.  I'd give five stars if the cord was retractable or had some easier mechanism to keep it tidy, but as a hair dryer it is a great deal for the price.  Thanks Conair!"
My hairdresser comes to my house and this is absolutely perfect for home use.  The temperature is just right and the hood is comfortable.
"Easy to use, transport and fast! Great buy -- a must now for my bathroom!"
"Dries my fine curly hair quickly. Good price, too."
I bought this specifically to work on repairing my inflatable kayak - heat the fabric when patching.  Works fine.  Good value for the $.
Works well.  Glad I bought it.  The cord keeper is certainly a nice feature and the bright color makes it easy to find under my bathroom cabinet.
"Love hot tools but this one is not turbo. Still very good product, doesn't hurt your hair."
The dryer itself was really nice but the packaging could have been better.
Light is too bright
"Great hair dryer.  In addition to its useful purpose, I like the retracting cord so that when the dryer is put into a drawer, the cord is not getting into everything else in the drawer."
"Good,but not as powerful as I hoped.  The size is great."
It would be the perfect hair dryer if it weren't so loud.  I'd buy it again because of its size and quality
"I like it more than the one I have.  I wish it had 6 settings through low/med/high and cool/warm/hot; that would make it better. Then I would love it. To be fair, I knew it didn't have all of those settings when I bought it. I have not gone to Europe with it yet, I'll see if the electricity conversion truly works then."
It's so nice to be able to have the cord wind itself up inside the dryer and out of the way.
Pretty nifty for my weekend cabin/guesthouse and great for my RV. Just like the ones at the hotels. Nice to have it on the wall and out of the way.
"I purchased this Blackbird in December of 2006 and now in April of 2011 smoke started coming out of the on-off switch, so I got a good 4 years out of it.    In this day and age when this product like others offer no warranty time at all I quess thats pretty good."
This item is a very good product. The price is right for this Dryer. Ergonimics make it easy to use and hold.
Very nice unit. Heat is good and handles great while using to dry your hair. Not too sure about the shine thing??
"Good hairdryer - does its job and is good for the price. Not the strongest or hottest dryer out their, but dries hair quickly and easily and has settings to control temp."
"Not a lot of power but perfect in every other way.  Attachments are excellent, and the cord is right length."
"Very quiet, works great. It was scratched on the light colored plastic. It looks like maybe they removed a sticker, it's not horrible I just didn't expect a new item to be scratched like that. Easy to put together. And after reading reviews before my purchase I will add it did come with the plug in cord. I'm very happy with it. Im a cosmetologist and I have a 1 chair salon this works perfect for me."
Was for my mother who has always used one.  It worked wonderfully for her.  She liked the settings for heat control.  That was a big concern for her.
It works good but overheats and shuts off for a while.  It works well for what I need. I love the night light.
I was needing a hair dryer that wouldn't throw the breaker when on high and this one is good although it did blow breaker one time but I had too many things going at the time but it hasn't happened since. It is handy to hold and turn on and off or adjust settings with one hand so this is a keeper for me!
Great stand. Movable.Good performance for the price I paid. Not as hot as salon dryers.
"I have sister locs, I used the dyer to rod my hair and it worked great. It is exactly what I was looking for."
One of the best purchase. I also love the color. Quick and easy to use. The price is also just right!
I like the warm and cool feature! Diffuser attachment an added bonus
"It was a bit to powerful but it was good, as good as I'd been expecting it to be. It was worth the money!"
Great hairdryer.  First used it at a hotel and was finally able to locate one online.
"Easy to install, nice nightlight.  Don't use the template.  Remove and Use the plate to determine the location for screw holes."
Super easy to install and very handy to preserve the valuable counter space!<br />Be sure to install away from water.
Item ok - cord does not always retract as it is suppose to...but dryer works fine!
The conair hairdryer arrived promptly and works perfectly.  The price was acceptable and I was pleased to have my old non-working appliance replaced so easily.
"Attractive and easy install.  Husband thinks it does not have enough power and we are hoping the cord will relax with use. Great feature hanging on wall and not fighting with cords in drawer or cabinet, so we are going to try and adapt."
Very good dryer for the price. I like the high speed without having to use high heat. Retractable cord is great.
"Great hair dryer for traveling, or for the gym, or for someone who doesn't have a large space for storage"
"This is a really good dryer. I have had it for five months, and it works well. I wish it was higher powered, but I wouldn't return it!"
Loud like most hair dryers. I like the temperature setting and retractable cord. Air flow very good.
"Great hair dryer with plenty of power, however not recommended if the selling feature for you is the retractable cord as this aspect of the product did not last long...(maybe a dozen times if that).  Otherwise, recommended, great price for a great product (I've had it nearly 3 months at this point and will update if it breaks within a year)."
"my wife love it, its not heavi and powerfull"
Love this product.
All ok
I would it like more if I could control the intensity and temperature of the dryer
Like it but the cord needs assistance retracting and could have more power.
I love it
"Great dryer!!! The directions were not made for people who have no idea what they are doing, so it tooke about a month or so to actually put it together!!  But I got it and I love it. I would just say, put in better instructions to follow."
Love it.
"I love it, I have been trying to find one for two years."
I already had this hairdryer so it was just a replacement.Still love it
Love it.
okay product
Okay
This is a great hair dryer but it pulled so much amps that i can't you use it oin my bathroom off of my 15amp GFI outlet
love my dryer
"Excellent, powerful motor and it leaves my hair very shiny"
Makes my hair so smooth with no frizz!
More money makes for a better upgrade.
haven't used mine yet but my girlfriend has one and she loves it :)
Satisfied from the performance
This does not have the power I thought it would have.  Its ok though.
Item deliver as promised love the color
"My wife had used this at a hotel and liked it for its compactness and its heat setting and airflow.  It is rather noisy, but it is light."
OK
This hair dryer is the easiest to use and its affordable and the most hassle free dryer but def not a pro styler!
"I discovered this hair dryer at an upscale hotel in  Boston and took a photo of it with my phone to remember to research it. I am pleased with my purchase, it is lightweight and travels well."
"Works well, no problems yet. But when it's on the highest setting it still feels like there should be some more power coming out of it."
Is a shame that we have 240 Volt in Australia and I had to buy a stepdown transformer wich made it more expansive.
I had it for a while and I haven't had any problems with it.  What more is there to say?
I enjoy the compact size and the wall-mount comes in handy when you don't have a lot of counter space for hair dryers.
"The hair-dryer cord comes in handy. Now I don't need to make sure the cord isn't touched by water. The hair-dryer has a softer sound to it, so it doesn't disturb any one in the house."
I chose this particular dryer because of the great ratings it received.  I am not disappointed.  I like that its lightweight and compact and that does not overheat.  I'm very pleased with this product and would recommend it.
Nice quality feel. Smooth operating switches. Not too garish a color like those bright red Conairs. Unique. Nice. Happy with purchase.
"Andis hair dryer is very good product.  Protects your hair, the hair dryer is very neat, and it gas a long cord, I love it.  Also, very good price.  I  recommend it."
Great product! The retractable cord is really nice. The air does not add static to the hair. I wish it came in other color options.
"Great scent that isn't too sweet but not too woodsy either! Some are turned off by the fact that it's made by the famous womens bridal designer, but in reality, she knows how to make a man smell amazing! I love this scent and have been wearing it for three years. First time to buy it from amazon and the process was a breeze with fast shipping."
"So great l love it , drys my hair so good and fast lm dominican l have curly thick hair . So lm very happy with my turbo"
weight is good and the air preassure is great too!  One small thing I don't like about it is the button location for the temp.  My fingers wrap around that part of the handle and they hit that button and change the temp.  I would buy again though....
"I bought this hair dryer at a great price and I really like it. It has a lot of power and it folds easily for when I travel. Oh, and it's purple. :)"
"Good, compact hairdryer.  Looks nice and works well.  I have short hair so set it on the lower volume.  Also, hardwired it to an outlet.  What I do not like about it is the night light.  It's too bright.  I think I am going to disable it."
"Great, would highly recommend it"
"It works very well, the three temperatures and speeds give you a good range of options depending on what you intend to do on your hair. The difusor has a good size and it's a great option for curly hair. I just didn't see a big result in reducing frizz, which can be hair dependent..."
Wanted a bowl diffuser to dry my curly hair and this is great at a good price.  Would recommend.
I hope it is what she wanted. :-) it came very quick and pleased with what I have seen.  Affordable too.
It works pretty good for the money...
This is actually a pretty darned good blow dryer for the price.  Just wish the cord was longer.
"Great hair dryer , have been using them for years.  Nice wall hung means out of the way not laying on the counter or having to unplug and put away each time it is used.  My last one lasted about 5 years.  Bought two more ."
"It's a nice hair dryer, has a cool setting 3 diff temp settings and 2 diff speed settings. I knock off one star because after a month one of the points broke off on the diffuser."
"This dryer is good enough. Although the switch that controls the power of the wind feels a bit unstable, the wind power is just perfect, and the price is really reasonable."
"which is what it's supposed to do.<br />loud, but what dryer isn't?<br />overall seems to be pretty good. I keep it in a suitcase for traveling."
"I bought this product in order to use it when I moved, I tried it and it seems pretty good."
"This dryer has great power and a variety of settings.  The retractable cord is a GREAT feature and keep the cords protected so that it doesn't get tangled, split, or caught up with other appliance cords!    I like this hair dryer...but my old one (see link below) had a very nice feature that you could not only retract the cord, but also fold the handle up which was perfect for storage and traveling.    [[ASIN:B000BFJJ7E Conair 1875 Watt Ionic Cord Keeper Hair Dryer]]"
"Light weight and very smoothing, still giving my hair body. Great color, too! Dries quickly and easy to hold and turn."
It works great.  Live the retractable cord.
I was very impressed with the color black and the  nightlight will come in handy at night time. It was easy to install.
"This is an excellent, compact, easily installed and easy to use dryer.  This is the third of these units we have owned."
It seems to be doing its job so I can't complain. I don't really use a hair dryer too often and I'm sure there is a lot better choices out there but for the price and the size ( easy to pack)  it seems it is a good investment. I would recommend.
"It works really good and makes my hair smooth, I recommend it! My hair has some waves and it makes it straight and doesn't smell like when I iron it."
It's a good hair dryer for the price.  I do find that it smells like it's burning on High/Hot. I use it on warm and low so it's just fine for my needs.<br />I tried a SalonSalon hair dryer at a friends house which was fabulous - turns out it costs $169!  Way out of my budget. This one will probably last a year and then I'll probably buy another Sassoon tourmaline ceramic - helps keep the fly aways from flying away!
Good air flow. Fairly quiet. Seems like good construction. Location of the buttons makes them easy to switch unintentionally. I think this is a winner at around twenty six bucks delivered.
Works fine but at their higher price no longer a good buy
We were very satisfied with this hair dryer. We put one in our home in Va and two of them we took to Fl and put them in both of our bathrooms there.  I use them often and when guests come they are so handy because they are right there on the wall . We are replacing the one in Va that was put in 6 years ago . That one went right in the plate that was already there.
Very good blow dryer for the price.  I would definitely recommend.
"Bought this for my daughter. Very good buy, put in cart and went back to buy and it was even cheaper"
Arrived before promised.  So far I am happy with the product.
his dryer replaces my old one which is cumbersome and bulkier.  Does a great job.
"I love it's compact design and it perfectly dries my hair within minutes. My 4 star review is due to the concentrator,it fells off atleast once in your 5 minute use which is a pain. If that doesn't bother you then this is the perfect dryer which doesn't occupy a lot of space like other fancy ones."
it is good drying tool. I expected it to be a bit better from reading reviews.<br />It does the job as drying hair and it is good quality and well made hair dryer.<br />I recommend.
Great for my Natural hair. Has proven to be sturdy & saves me a lot of time in the washing process.
Daughter is very satisfied. Dryer does everything she expected. And a great price.
Fast dryer. a lil nosey but is good for drying.  recommend it to anyone looking for a portable hair dryer
"Great so far, no real complaints.  Works perfectly."
"Arrived on time. Perfect size, workded as expected."
I love the color and the convent hanging loop.The switches could be simpler and larger.It's a light in weight product.
The bonnet is nice and large and the air flow is just right for my hair.  It has done a good job for me.
I USED ANOTHER BRAND FOR YEARS...AND I REPLACED THEM EVERY FEW MONTHS...NEVER HELD UP.  I HAVE LIMITED SPACE IN THE BATHROOM AND LOVE THE RETRACTABLE CORD AND FOLDING HANDLE STYLES FOR THAT REASON.  I DISCOVERED THIS ANDIS BRAND VERSION AT A HOTEL (FIVE STAR) AND SEARCHED IT OUT AND FOUND IT AT AMAZON.  I'M VERY HAPPY WITH IT ... IT HAS ALREADY OUTLASTED THE CONAIR VERSIONS...ONLY REASON I DIDN'T GIVE IT FIVE STARS IS FOR A CERAMIC IONIC DRYER...IT LEAVES HAIR QUITE FRIZZY!  IF YOU NEED THE COMPACTEDNESS OF THIS DRYER....IT'S THE BEST ONE AROUND.
Light and easy to use.  I'm really glad I chose this dryer.
"Nice and powerful, strong wall anchoring"
I first found this hair dryer while staying at Mariott hotel and LOVED IT.  I always bring my own with me on trips but this time I never used it.  Great power yet small and with the retractable cord very easy to store.
"It's very cute and light on the pockets, I'm loving it soo far. It's a thumbs up for me!<br />Don't overthink it, Just get it!"
"Great value for the money. Bigger than most travel size blow dryers but the folding handle is still a great feature and still helps with space. The three speeds is a bonus too. I've read some reviews that say the retractable cord stopped working after a week, but I've had absolutely no trouble and it's been a couple of months. I'm wondering if those people are retracting the cord before or after they fold the handle.  It seems to me it should be done before to give the cord a clear path.  All in all a great purchase."
"Totally Great! LOVE the heat settings and I can dry my hair with a light Heat Protectant without my hair drying out! I plan to buy another one in a few months just in case they raise the price, discontinue ,change it or mine stops working. It is SUCH a great dryer at a WONDERFUL PRICE!"
Cord does not completely retract as I originally thought; it still hangs out of the dryer by about a foot. but it still works great!
Its awesome!! You just have to dab a little bit on your eyelid and rub it in  with your finger. I would recommend it to anyone :)
It works fine i love it i use it every sunday its nice and hot. its works fine like a dryer in a salon
"This is a great dryer for curlie hair.  Don't forget to clean the filter.  I did and the dryer stopped working.  so now, I purchased need a new one."
It is lightweight as promised.  The handle folds up easily.
Easy mount. Heats well
Very adequate.
Easy to put together and works well.
It was easy to mount and it works well. It needs a &#34;cool only&#34; setting to make it five stars
"This is a good hair dryer for me. It has 3 settings, and a cooler button that blows cool air if it gets too hot."
"This is a great product, if it can be quieter and smaller. it will be an even better item for home users."
Love hairdryer. my hair is in great shape since switching to it. the only thing that i wish it had was a hot/warm setting in addition to the high/low
"I have really long hair so I go through blow dryers like there is no tomorrow!  This one so far has lasted over 6months for me which I think is great!!  It does have a funny way of turning it on, but once you figure that out you are good to go!"
"Would be great if it had a rubberized grip around the handle for better control, but other than that, it's worked great so far.  Good power, heat on high is pretty good."
"I used one of these at a Marriott once, and thought it was a great little dryer. It folds up nicely and works great for my daily use at home. Temperature and blowing options are perfect for me. I literally have no complaints, especially for a $20 product."
"i felt compelled to write this review because my wife nagged me.  she says its a really good bra strap concealer.    i took 1 star off beacuse of the high price (in my mind, these should go for like $4.99).  comes in pack of 6. i took one for use with my PC's cable management."
"I got this for my girlfriend. It works fine so far for the price. It's a bit bulky, I wish it folded up...but those don't seem to be as good without spending a lot more money."
"This is a wonderful hair dryer & so great to be out of the way on the counter!    Would have given 5 stars, but it was somewhat difficult to install.  The screws supplied were too small and the unit wobbled on the wall.  We purchased new, longer screws and fixed the issue.     It is in our quest bedroom and I'm sure will be a wonderful welcome to out of town quests.  Just like a hotel:)"
there was a comb that fit my texture of hair perfectly. the only thing is that this baby gets HOT!
"This Conair works so much better than most blow dryers.  It is a great color and had a great output.  I was so very impressed with how much quality you get for the price.  The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because it is a little heavier, not cheap plastic at all."
"This is a very nice and functional hair dryer.  One thing that's bothersome, the switch for the blue light.  It turns off whenever I hold on to the dryer.  That means I have to adjust my hold on the dryer.  Otherwise, it's pretty good."
I only used it once but so far so good. Very comfortable and easy to maneuver to multitask. Great product.
My daughter says that it is easy to use and is fine.
"Low power, but with patience it does a beautiful job"
"Picture is very deceiving, the hair dryer is bigger than the pic. However, good quality for the price, and I get great use out of it."
"I have very long, thick hair, so I don't think I will ever be 100% happy with any blowdryer. This one does a very good at drying my hair in a reasonable amount of time. This is an awesome alternative to the $85.00 blowdryers at Sally's!"
"Works just fine, and has a heavier, quality &#34;feel&#34; than the cheaper ones. Mounts easy, and looks fine on the wall."
"this was a replacement for my older Oster wall mount hair dryer. installation was a breeze, even mounted on my old wall bracket.<br />The wife is happy!"
"Works great so far, heats up fast, and was a good price! No issues so far!"
Great deal for the price.  Only drawback is lack of height adjustment.  This requires only that either the platform it's resting on and/or the seating of the user be adjusted instead.  Excellent Winter head warmer and brain circulation stimulator worth upwards of 15 IQ points.
It was ordered for a friend whose wife runs a beauty shop and he says it working fine
"great dryer (enough power) that i use not just for travel.  only problem is the cord is very short so you have to be fairly close to the outlet when you use it.  if they would make the cord longer, it would be perfect.  i also used it when i was in italy with no problems (although you do need an adapter but the converter is built in)."
its fine
Works fine.
works fine
"The dryer works fine but I purchased it for a birthday gift and the front flap is cracked. I believed it happened during the shipping,"
Product showed up on time and close to previous conair product I used. Met all expectations and was very happy.
"I have owned several of these over the years and think they are one of the best dryers I have used. They don't have a lot of bells and whistles (just Hi and Lo settings), but if you want a light and powerful dryer that doesn't take up a lot of room, this is it. Also like the very compact size of this unit (you won't get arm cramps trying to hold this while drying).The wall mount is a nice feature."
Quick drying of hair without making it brittle.  Gave my hair quite a bit of volume as well which was a plus!
"This color is awesome, you won't find any like it. It's a very sweet almost turquoise green. I have had a lot of compliments on it.<br />The application was a bit streaky so I had to use 3 coats, but the finish was real good.<br />Add a glossy top coat to it and it looks like a jelly bean on your hand!"
"I put this product on around 5 am before I went to school It stayed on most of the day. by around 9 pm the winged cat eye I had made with this eyeliner had faded somewhat. then when I went to remove the product I found it rather easy. Even though it is supposed to be Waterproof, it came off easily with a tissue and some water. I love the product though. Very pigmented."
The hair dryer is great. Multiple hear and speed options. I would have given it five stars except for that fact that the funnel tip does pop off too easily if bumped by a brush.
"I think It's a good product, It leaves your hair soft and it dries it easily, It fullfiled my expectations."
Works great.  Easy to use.  Not too noisy.  Ample air flow.  Ionic is a recent buzzboard that proposes this technology reduces frizzies - I don't see a difference compared to old-school hair dryer.
"This is one efficient dryer, and it seems to do a great job in reducing frizz in my curly hair. I use it with the diffuser (haven't attempted a straight styling with it yet) and I get great results even on the high-hot setting. Love the the cord retracts for easy storage, too. Wrapping a cord around the handle every time gets old pretty fast when you're using a dryer every day."
"this is a cool and very light blow-dryer, its light and its light and its very light. its may be not as powerful as some blow dryers but its pretty strong and yes ITS very light"
"Seems to work just fine. Good price, no problems so far."
"For the price, this is a great little hairdryer.  Folds nicely.  Wish it had a retractable cord, though."
"I used this dryer for the first time at a friend鈥檚 house.  It was amazing, it had the attachment on it and my hair was silky and dry within minutes.  I was so thrilled with it; I went online and bought one.  I still love it and the best part about the dryer is the warm setting.  You can dry your hair right at your scalp and not burn your head or heat up the bathroom to the point where you're sweating!!  I highly recommend this dryer.  I have had this dryer now for 6 months."
"I wish this one had the Ionic feature that my other one has, which seems to dry my hair a lot faster, but still a great compact dryer that is a great addition to my bathroom!"
"Two other hair dryers died in one week.  This came quickly, and in good condition.  I seems to do a good job, and to offer options for heat and power.  I'd purchase from the vendor again."
"Good little blow dryer for travel internationally. Worked perfectly with 240v. I have never found a hotel blow dryer that works on my curly frizzy hair so it was great to have this tool along, especially in a very humid climate. Lots of air volume and heat. Don't bother looking for a transformer for your 110v blow dryer if it's more than 1600w because you will have problems and possibly even damage your appliance from home."
"work like if i was in the salon, totally love it. my hair is a litte kinky and it leaves it nice and soft."
So far so good
So far so good
This gives one choice of heat and power. It is fast and nice
The dryer works great.  The only reason for not 5 stars is the cord retraction.  It sometimes takes three times to get the cord to retract fully.
If you want it to de-frizz and smooth your hair and straighten it then it is a 5 star purchase.
"I would have given this blow dryer a 5, but the cord needs to be longer.  Overall it works great though."
Have it mounted in the not quite finished bathroom yet.  Looks good so far - But haven't used it yet.
"Purchased because I needed a hair dryer, but didn't want to spend a lot of money. I like it. If you want something that gets the job done and doesn't cost a fortune, it's a great option for you. I've used it several times now and I've had no issues."
great dryer... I just wish the cord wen further up into the retractable handle.
"Brush is a bit soft, but good product"
"The speed and heat settings being separate are nice. The anti-static seems to work, compared with my 8-year-old dryer my hair doesn't frizz up as much."
"so far so good; works as promised, and arrived on time."
Its a really great dryer. It smooths my hair as it dries. My hair looks and feels like I just left the salon every time.
Great product. I would only suggest that the cord be about six inches longer for ease and comfort.
My granddaughter recommended this item and it works great! The only problem I had is on the very end the teeth of the comb messed up.
"Great product, works well and is fairly quiet. Came with a diffuser. Would recommend."
This dryer does a great job and would merit 5 stars if it were just a tad smaller in size!
"The dryer does actually work, it has a inside setting to automatically shut itself off to prevent overheating, worked great from me without shutting off"
i like the color and it's worked great...love all the heat and power settings...so far so good with this blowdryer
Seems to be working great. My 86 year old mom can't get to the salon much any more so this works for her hair needs.
None available.
I needed a light-weight dryer because of an arm injury and this one is indeed light.  I like that.  I wish the cord was either longer or not curled so it didn't have to be so close to the holder.
"Really good, and I like the adjustable features of the dryer. I'm pleased overall. I'd buy if I were you."
"This dryer is quiet & effective, especially for the price. I'm very happy with it!"
This hair dryer is quiet and does a good job. We bought it because we liked the ones at motels and timeshares we had seen and wanted one like them. The night light is quite bright(almost too bright for us). The air flow is quiet and does a good job but does not offer separate heat/ air controls. Overall we are pleased with it.
Bought the hairdryer for my wife. She was very happy with the performance.  When I went to register the product I couldn't because the sticker on the box that has the serial # was missing. I then found out through Amazon that they are NOT a authorized reseller therefore company won't honor warranty if something happens.
This little hair dryer packs a punch! It's surprisingly strong for it's size.  Great purchase!
"Straightforward,  not fancy, but powerful to handle my moisture soaked hair quickly. Worth the price and so far is sturdy and works beautifully. Lightweight so styling is easy and the dryer is easy to handle."
"When I first purchased this hair blower, I had doubts as the price was very reasonable. When it was finially installed, it worked very well. Perhaps not as fancy as the more exspensive units, but for the most part it is very good .I highly recomend this hair blower"
"This dryer  has good, strong air flow and is conveniently small for traveling.  It is a good bargain for the price and I would recommend it."
"Great dryer - does its job - no complaints..<br />weight and feel are great - so no issues.<br />the rotating handle is a little strange, but it is a nice feature when it does need to be folded & stashed away."
I love the look and the power of the dryer but something about the Ion makes my hair greasy. Other then that it's a great product.
"Love this blower, it works great. It doesn't have the button issue for me like other reviewers said. I would recommend it."
"Product works fine and installs easily - but you should make sure that you have an outlet and a place to mount the dryer that allows the cord to reach the outlet and the dryer to reach your head. With the cord from the dryer only about six feet when fully extended, finding that perfect spot is not necessarily as simple as you might think."
Very nice hairdryer. Wishing the size is smaller though.
this blow dryer is very powerful and does the job.
love the yellowbird hair dryer. It does a great job in blowing out my natural hair to the length that I want compared to conair. Highly recommend
I purchased this over a year ago and my husband and I are very pleased with the results.Has a very professional look and performance
"Product dries hair quickly. Although larger and heavier than most folding dryer's,the price was good and so far the quality has been good also."
great size but pretty loud
"Fast shipping,  was exactly like the picture.  Easy to put together and it's quiet you can barely hear it running.  Mines did come without the screw but I contacted the seller and they quickly sent the parts. So overall it's a pretty good dryer and works great! Gets the job done, very good buy!"
"Since switching to this hairdryer, my drying time is significantly less. It has good air power, without over heating your hair. Plus the attachments are great since I like to switch between curly and straight."
"its good, but for some reason the way the buttons are everytime i grab the dryer to plug it in ive hit the on button and it always is on when plugged in, beyond that its no big deal, and it dries nice and is cute looking, i love the colors!  also i have pretty long hair and this dries pretty quickly which I LOVE!"
"This is a great blow dryer. It does not overheat. The airflow is not as much as my others; however, it does dry your hair just as effectively."
"John Frieda products are always good. I use the shampoo, what is good. Not more to say, just another hairdryer."
"This hairdryer works well for the price. I would buy it again. Hair dries fairly quickly, but the air stream is not that strong."
Good product.  STrange delivery in that it is shipped in more than one box.
"Seems like a great top of the line hair dryer, well built. I would recommend to anyone, beats the department store models hands down."
"Is really good, I like it so much, my hair is healthy and look natural, You need to try! ."
Only been in use for couple of months but wife is happy so far. Hope it lasts. more words ok
"This is a good hair dryer for the money - quick drying time but it's a bit heavy and kind of loud.  I bought it for travel but because of the weight, I wouldn't recommend it for that.  Home use is fine and it's compact because of the retractable cord and folding handle.  I have another Andis dryer and believe Andis makes a good product."
This product was the perfect size for me to take on my vacation abroad.  It took very little room to pack it and worked well.
I went on a trip where I wasn't sure there would be hair dryers.  This one did a good job to dry my hair on the go.
You don't need a flat iron after using that tool! It looks nice and its really affordable !! Glad that I got it!
Love the temperature...does not blow too hot. Getting use to the button locations.
"Works great, even with traveling a lot it still isn't too bulky. We'll see how long it lasts but does the trick."
worth it!
"4 STARS BECAUSE IT IS A GREAT BLOWDRYER, BUT THE ONLY CON IS THAT THE CORD IS KIND OF SHORT. IT IS VERY EFFICIENT AND BLOW DRIES MY HAIR SILKY SMOOTH AND SLEEK, IT COMES WITH SOME ACCESORIES AS WELL WHICH IS A PLUS SUCH AS A DIFUSER. I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE FOR THE GREAT PRICE!"
I have a Revlon 1875 which I have had for years and love it.  I wanted something similar to stay at our trailer and to be used at weekends.  This fits the bill exactly.  Low price and does the job perfectly.  I would recommend this to anyone.
"I gave it for stars because it is noisy. I didn't use it very much on my last trip, but it came in handy for drying clothes in a humid climate. It's also handy if someone is in the bathroom and you can't use the hotel hair dryer. For the price, it's worth keeping one in my suitcase."
"i wanted a blowdryer that i could easily travel with.<br />This little dryer has lots of power. and very happy that is comes with the concentrator (which many of the others dont).<br />only thing is it does get pretty hot, so you just have to get used to getting around that."
"My hair feels so soft after I use this dryer, not dry and frizzy. I use it w/the diffuser. I love it!!!"
It is very good fan for the price. I noticed a tremendous difference in my hair even with the summer among us. The only thing that is a con is that it is not a light weight fan. Otherwise I am extremely happy with my purchase.
"It is very nice ! Motor sounds are not cheep dryer at all. It is very powerful. Especially my long hair !!<br /> I am so satisfied with this item.<br />But only I don't think I need that it call Skin (make moisture to your face ) dial. I don't think it working noticed in the US, because Japan are more humidity country but not in the US."
I feel this is a very good product.  It is a bit heavy and doesn't get very hot.  But overall it does a great job.
"The color is much prettier here on Amazon than in person.  In person it is a much darker red, not as bright and shiny.  The attachments go on hard and the finger diff-user is just so large that it really can't be used effectively.  The back cover comes off for easy cleaning and it does, nicely and the screen is easy to clean.  The angle attachment works good.  For the price, it is a good deal.<br /><br />Still a Great Deal, Love my Hair Dryer.  I didn't use the Diffuser, so I sold it on Ebay and the hair dryer paid for itself  ;-)"
It is great I can dry my hair while I put on my makeup.
It's really good and light weight to carry around<br />But the only drawback I feel is the souf which makes my lil one run away
Product as advertised.  Works well.  Boost button nice feature.  Power switch seem a tad fragile.  I am satisfied with this purchase.
"Not as powerful as I was hoping, but it installed easily."
Completely functional<br />Love it<br />small criticism<br />The plug-in cord should  be able to be shortened easily<br />Maybe toggle bolts to mount it would be better
"The dryer works efficiently and is easy to pack. The unit does not have the power of my older traveler hair dryer, but is more than adequate.<br /><br /> I would buy this product again."
"Works well, good power, able to dry hair quickly."
"powerful, folds up and the cord retractor is strong."
"For the price, this hair buyer is wonderful. My hair is seriously prone to being frizzy, and with (1) being tourmaline ceramic, (2) having a warm setting as well as a cool and hot, and (3) having a concentrator, my hair has started acting much better. It's also fairly quiet. The lack of five stars is because it isn't particularly easy to store; it barely fits in the normal-size drawer, and including the diffuser, concentrator, and a hairbrush, it can be challenging to fit it in the drawer. Definitely a wonderful buy, though."
"certainly powerful, and excellent value for money, other that the cord being a bit short, I'm very satisfied with it"
Extremely long cord which can be a pain but dryer is very good. Light weight. Reasonable price. I would recommend.
"As one who likes to travel light, I was impressed by how light this hairdryer is.   It is a bit less powerful than I'm used to but I'm willing to take that trade off."
"Great performance but they need work on the product painting, the paint started pilling after a few day's using the dryer but in general it's a great product for the price"
"Bought this after using one elsewhere: has good weight, good power, dries fast, not too loud. Only down side, the director-nozzle falls off easily. Otherwise, a very good by.  NE"
"Four stars....might upgrade this to 5 in the next month or so.  This is a good little unit, perfect for travel or light use.  The first one overheated after 3-5 minutes of use, I was able to exchange it with the vendor, and the replacement unit seems to work perfectly.  Once its used a few more times, I'll either upgrade the rating or comment below.  Not a bad dryer overall, and it comes with 2 attachments.  A pokey thing, and a duck bill thing."
"...cause everyone would walk out of my house with it. All of my friends want one...it is SO COOL! Only thing I wish is that it was a bit more powerful...High is what I would consider as Medium, but I still wouldn't give it away. Every feature is that of style. :)"
"This blow dryer has been really great. The only reason I did not give it the full 5 stars is because the matte film on the dryer has begun to peel off. As far as the function, the blow dryer is really handy and useful."
"Good, powerful, adjustable air flow efficiently dries hair. Easy to mount in bathroom although I put in an extra screw to increase wall mount security."
It's a good  hair dryer for the price. It's light weight and you still get the benefits fr om a full side hair dryer. The lettering on the handle did rub off within  a week but that's not a big deal for me. Overall I'm pretty happy with my purchase.
"Got this for my wife -- so I'm not the end-user. But from my observation, this hair dryer was much quieter than her old one. It also did the job much faster. The only reason I can't give it five stars was that the documentation was very sparse. There are a couple of features that would benefit greatly if it came with a manual to explain it. I ended up having to Google to find out what they do.<br /><br />Overall, a very good product. My wife would recommend it!"
[[ASIN:B0009XH6XC Andis 33700 Hangup Pro Turbo 1600W Wall Mount Hair Dryer with Night Light]]  Replace a nearly decade old unit that just finally wore out.  Works great. Wish the night light was not quite so bright.
It's very good. It has two levels viz Low and High. I wish if there was a medium level. Works on both 110 and 220 volts AC.
"I bought this hair dryer for a xmas present and in amazon everybody said something good about this hair dryer, that was enought for my to buy it. And she love it but she said takes time to dryer the hair, so i thought double fan must to be enought but not!, is kind of weird because is a remington one of the best!, but is fine! so what do you think?"
"I bought this hair dryer just to travel with. I used it in Ireland and it worked great. All you need is an adapter. Don't use a converter! The hair dryer will zap out the converter. My sister and I were both pleased with the strength of this little hair dryer (we both have really thick hair). It's light and compact, so it travels well. I haven't used it in the States yet, but I assume it will be just as good."
It does the trick however High is not as high as most hair dryers and when you put it to blow Hot air it's not Hot at all more like warm very light warm....
"Works fine, price is right."
"This is my third T3.  The Special Edition comes with a shorter cord.  This is fine for home use; in fact, it might be better not having and 8 ft cord.  This blow dryer is the best I have ever used and the price is less that inferior dryers."
"This hair dryer works great.  My first purchase broke after just two weeks, the heating element became too hot and the hairdryer shut off.  My replacement however has been fine.  Drys hair quickly and leaves it feeling smooth and silky.  It is light weight and easy to hold while styling with a brush in the other hand."
Good hair dryer especially for the price!!
I absolutely love my blow dryer. It's not crazy hot to the point of burning my head but it still dries my locks;  all 3.5 feet of it.
"Nice, sturdy good quality.  Haven't used it yet but plugged it in and waited a while for it to get hot but had to turn it off before it actually produced real heat."
"Good, but ony lasted a year.  Didn't re-purchase, going back to Remington."
"Good product, but cord is short."
"I like that this dryer provides greater heat than my 1800 dryer, however it doesn't put out as much power."
"So far used only one time, but I liked how it handled and it did a good job."
I use it daily. It's good and value for money.
"Works great, but is a bit louder than I expected."
Working very well for more than 2 years
"light, convenient and powerful"
"Great for its price. There's no heat setting, but it gets the job done.<br /><br />However, I had some technical issues in the beginning.<br />Some metal shavings blew out when I first used it. I was scared to use it again b/c I didn't want it getting in my eyes. But afterwards, it hasn't been a problem."
"I needed to replace my professional-grade hair dryer, and I was considering all my options. I wasn't sure that I wanted to spend a significant amount of money, so I tried this model, which had fairly good reviews.<br /><br />It's fairly quiet. It is not as powerful as my old dryer, but it is significantly lighter and seems to be constructed well. So far, so good."
Does all that I had hoped......helps to declutter my vanity top and dries my hair. As for the night light....I find that a plus....soft glow in the whole vanity area.
Arrived in good condition. I've only used the product for about 2 weeks. I haven't noticed any changes in my skin yet.
"Delivered promtly after my order. Works as advertised but a bit noisy. Overall rating, Good"
For the price it was not bad
nice to have a timer and to control the heat.  the description didn't say how hot it gets but it says 75 Celsius and it was too hot for my girl friend and she has hair that requires a lot of heat.  Easy to put together took less than 5 minutes after unpacking everything. No fan speed on this model.  Also the description said locking wheels when I bought it and it does not have it.  Girl friend is super happy how her hair comes out with this machine and that was the whole plan.  Also the pole is spring loaded which makes it easier to adjust up but harder-er to adjust down but you don't have to be super strong to do it.  It was easy for me just wanted to mention it because I thought it was a great selling point because if it wasn't spring loaded it would suck adjusting the height.
"i took it to costa rica with my, easy to travel with, great and quick dryer! it managed to dry my hair in high humidity."
Great dryer.  Button placement could be better. I seem to accidentally turn the heat down. It works really well though!
Very good for the price. Gets super hot so you have to be careful.
"I'm male with long hair. This dryer works just fine for me. I read the good reviews on Amazon before I bought it. I feel the dryer is adequate in every way and a lot better than most I've had. So, why not 5 stars? I don't know. Maybe it is the look or the feel. But whatever it is, this dryer does a great job. For me it is just not easy to love a hair dryer."
This works great and does the job I need it to do.  I'm giving it four stars instead of five because of the storage issue.  I don't like having to cram the cord and extention to the hood back inside the case each time.  I would prefer a slightly larger case that would accomodate everything more easily.
This product works good for drying my hair quickly. It is very hot and drys my hair very fast but it is noisy and loud.
"Handy little blowdryer, better than leaving one plugged in on vanity! Not alot of power though"
"I've used another popular brand of hair dryer for years, but I recently purchased a Remington straightener, and I then decided to update my years-old hair dryer. After doing lots of research, I found that this was the most popular Remington Hair Dryer and had great reviews. I have used it a couple of times since receiving it, and I like it. I think I prefer my previous hair dryer more, as the hair seemed softer, but this one does just fine- and actually dries my hair faster than my older one. I was looking for ionic, and this has that as well. Buy this hair dryer on amazon- i found it was the cheapest price! Try it out for yourself."
"My husband loves this product, although I accidentally way overpaid for this which upsets me, the product is great and lasts a long time.  He has used it many times before and it smells good, too!  Next time just get it directly from Burts bees retailer website where you can easily get it for cost!  You don't have to get it from amazon's private dealers, which can way overcharge for things."
"This thing pumps out hot air pretty much instantaneously. Great for people with no patience. It might be nice if it had more oomph on the high setting, but my girlfriend says the same thing so I guess I shouldn't throw stones."
"Great look, works perfectly. I don't have any problem with the heavy weight as some users would complain about. However the first time I turned it on I did smell something burning, but it only happended once. I use this hair dryer everytime as I wash my hair, about once a day, so far so good and I'm happy about the purchase. This is not a quiet hair dryer though, but I don't think it's a big deal since almost all the dryers are noisy anyway."
Its a hair dryer whats to say. My wife wanted a hang up dryer and this one works well so far.<br />Only downside is the night light. Its a good idea but is a little too bright and there is no way to dim it. Overall a good buy
"Solid, albeit heavy. Great if you have shorter hair, but I imagine the weight would be kind of a pain if you had more to deal with. My wife loves it, though! It's hard to find a good retractable cord dryer!"
Love it...only have one problem...bonnet isn't large enough.  For most people it would work great but I use very large rollers and the fit is tight..but it dries so fast and is very compact...great for traveling.
"I like Andis hair dryers a lot.  This version has a retractable chord and a folding handle.  Great for my daughter's college dorm room with limited space.  Great for travel.  I would give it 5 stars, but it has limited heated selection.  Wish it had a warm setting...instead of just the hot.  Other than that, it is a nice, powerful, convenient dryer."
"I love using this hair dryer. It's simple to use and has a clean design. If you google the reviews for this product, you will see that many people recommend it."
Would like it to have more power but love that it is more quite than most!  This hair dryer works well and I always use it on high as anything lower is not very strong at all.  Its a great price for the quality.<br /> I bought it to replace one that was screaming loud and it is so much more quiet than my old one! I appreciate that it will not make me loose my hearing while helping me have a good hair day!
"I try for the first time ionic hair dryer and I have to say, it works. The andis tourmaline hair dryer is better than I thought. Makes my hair feel much much softer, the blowing is strong and faster than normal hair dryers do. So , trust it!!!! worth it."
"Bought this for my girlfriend over a year ago and it's still working.<br /><br />The very nice soft touch coating has started to peel away pretty significantly though, but for $25 I guess I can't complain too much."
"works well, was a direct replacement for old unit, so it was very easy to reinstall, handy to use from wall mount"
Works wonderful and fast. But the cold press button got unglued. Powerful great for gym.
I like the blow dryer. I thought it was going to be a compact size but nope its a big one. I love the color and its very light weight
"Pros:<br />Not to hot on hot setting<br />Retractable cord works great. Keeps clutter off the counter.<br /><br />Cons:<br />None really to mention..<br /><br />Edit: 05/06/2013<br />I have noticed when I use the blow dryer now that there some some air escaping from the slider controls on the handle. This is nothing to really change how I use the blow dryer, but this should probably not happen."
The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because I had a better hair dryer (which isn't fair because I paid double the price for it). I bought it before moving to London for its dual voltage capabilities. It's quite lovely with its folding handle and its cord keeper.
This is exactly what I expected and works very good. Worth the cost.
"This is not the best hair dryer out there. I know you could get better ones for the same price that will dry your hair very quickly, but I mainly bought it for the way it looks. I love the retro style and it goes well with my taste. It's an all right product, and I don't have such unmanageable hair to need anything more high-tech. It fits my purposes just fine."
"I am perfectly satisfied with this blow-dryer. Although it is fairly small, it is quite powerful and dries my hair in no time.<br />Very happy with my purchase."
"Works  great for curling my hair with the diffuser. Other blow dryers make my hair frizzy, but this one does not."
"The attachment to the hair bonnet does not hold well.  Other than that, I'm happy with the purchase."
A very good hair dryer for the money. I just wish it had a stronger blower as my hair takes longer to dry than with the older dryer.
It works pretty good is easy to hold and not heavy like some of those out there.I really like this.
"Very nice product, but sometimes seems to actually get to hot. Also the cord is long which is nice however it seems to get tangled easily."
"This hairdryer was a good buy. I sent it to my sister and niece. They both have long, thick, curly hair and find the dryer strong enough to do the job comfortably. They tell me it was a good buy and they find it strong and a good performer."
Pretty good Dryer. My only wish is that it blew a bit hotter on the max heat setting. It's very powerful however.
"Great product for coarse hair! I have a 4b texture and when I use the high setting with the fine tooth comb attachment, I get my hair very straight. The only reason why it doesn't get a full 5 stars is because of the placement of the cool button. If the button was a setting instead of at the back, the blow drier would be perfect."
"My old hair dryer quit on me.  So this one has been used since the day it arrived.  I love it, and it does a great job of blowing my hair dry."
"Thought it would be more powerful, is it really 2000 watts?"
This is a nice replacement for my old hair dryer.  All 3 attachments work great for however I want to style my hair.  This dryer motor is occasionally  makes a loud grinding sound but it continues to work.
Received the item quickly. It is just as it was described.
"I've had this dryer for 2 陆 years. The latch that keeps the hood upright has finally warped and doesn't stand open. Otherwise, it heats nicely and evenly and the Ion feature leaves my hair shiny. It was so good that I refuse to buy another. I just rigged it with some flexi-rods to get the hood to stay open and upright. Yep, it's just that good."
Good hair dryer for use with the big curlers. A longer hose would have been good. It holds you hostage while you dry.
"It's a great value for money.<br />The hairdryer is very light, it doesn't heat up too much and works perfect.<br />A little con is that it doesn't come with a diffuser. But for this price you can pass over it."
"Pretty good, not any better than other hair dryers in that price range."
Work well and has great heat. I can dry my hair very fast
"Used once on vacation so I can not comment on the longevity of this product. Size is slightly bigger than I had hoped, but I bought it because it was the best looking diffuser to come w. a travel dryer that I could find.  Price was right and I think it was a good investment for a travel dryer only- I would not use this for regular at home use."
"Very good, love the ionic feature - it dries your hair fast and prevents frizziness. Also a very good price.<br /><br />Only downside is the handle can be difficult to grab without hitting the switches. There is one relatively small opening in between the two switches (temperature switch & power switch) for one finger to grasp. Sometimes results in accidentally hitting the switches. But other than that it is great!"
"This thing works at spewing hot, warm and cool air.  It's not terribly big or terribly loud.  I have not used the accessories, but it's built pretty good and it has a nice hook on it for hanging it up.  No complaints so far. Get you one!"
"Not for a short nozzle dryer- it pops right off, but it's a good bowl and finger design of medium depth."
"So far so good. I like that there are multiple settings, high and heat are not necessarily on at the same time, you can adjust to many different settings. The cool blast button is also a great touch. Great product for the price!"
"Great product, top a little bulky but works really well."
Was purchased to use oversees. Compact and light. Works super fast and does the job!
"I have had this for more than a few months now, and can say it works wonderfully.  I have not noticed, personally, and huge difference because of the tourmaline ions, but that isn't to say that there isn't any.  I have pretty normal hair, and it has stayed pretty normal.  I will say that this system seems to dry my hair a bit faster and it does not get that brittle feel to it when I actually use it to style my hair as well.  Good product, good price.  Not a miracle worker, but reliability is sometimes more important than miracles :)"
"light, powerful, plug a little big, but over all a great buy, and easy to use, easy to pack, does it's job!"
"this is a good dryer with nice attachments...very light and powerful. The only drawback is the switches. If your hand has any mousse or oil on them, forget turning this on without a struggle. The switches have no grip nor heavy grooves on them that make turning on/off easy. But, overall good."
Nice dryer! Just as expected.
great for the price. i needed a slightly more powerful dryer for my thick hair but no complaints.
"I liked it for performance and hot/cold options. The different speed options are also good but its so big, not convenient for travel or to carry around"
"Overall, love the dryer. I do wish there was a hook for hanging and ultimately would love to see a medium heat setting. The dryer really does make my hair shine! Good deal for the cost and the retractable cord is a a lifesaver."
This hair dryer is smaller than I expected however I am impressed. The sound is not that ear pearcing scream small hair dryers make. The air flow and options are ideal.
"Excellent little dryer, but I would caution you that the high setting does not work in Europe."
I got this for the wife. But have to say it's not noticeably lighter than the previous unit we had but it is very sharp looking. The controls are all conveniently placed with a plenty of speed and heat settings. The cord is of very good quality and pretty lengthy. I feel for the price it's a very good buy and would really recommend it.
Purchased another one of these hair dryers as the older one was dying.  So far so good but the life of these things seems to be around 12 months.
"Mounted both items in the master bathroom. I'm completely satiefied with them. Strong air flow,nice cord length and easy instalation."
"I have a full sized chi hair dryer, which I like.  I was looking for a similar dryer that I could take with me when I traveled -- hotel dryers were ok, but I missed a better dry...<br /><br />This dryer is fine.  The handle collapses so it is easy enough to stow, and it also comes with its own little cloth bag which is good to keep the cord from getting tangled up during transport.<br /><br />My hair is dried well, though not as well as my full sized dryer at home.  No complaints, however.<br /><br />I would recommend this for size, easy of use, and the nice added accessory of the bag."
I bought it for my Girlfriend (We are angry with each other for now) or possible Ex-girlfriend (If you are reading this review too late) and I've got to say that It麓s a very good Hair Dryer... She seems (At this moment) enjoy it... And She looks very happy with it... No complaints... Great product... Good price... 100% Recommended.
This is the best hair dryer I've ever owned. It dries my hair in 5 minutes compared to the 20+ minutes it use to take me (I have very long hair). The only reason I gave it 4 stars is due to the location of the settings button on the handle. When holding the hair dryer it is easy to acidentally change the settings but you get use to it.  Overall great hair dryer!!!!
"I looked at blow dryers online for months before making this purchase, some costing hundreds of dollars.  On my wish list was a dryer with a salon quality motor for durability, variable heat and speed settings, ceramic, and ionic.  This dryer checks all the boxes.  The reason I give it four stars rather than five is because there is no ionic on-off switch (ionic on for smoothness, off for greater volume).  I was surprised and pleased to learn that this dryer carries a four-year warranty.  Many of the high-priced dryers had only a one or two year warranty."
"Great amount of air flow. Could be a little hotter though. Overall, not a bad hair dryer. Very light and easy to handle."
"Not the best blower in the world but great for under $15. High, which would be high heat and strongest blow, is more like a medium heat and medium blow. I wouldn't recommend this for someone who likes really hot dryers that blow very hard. However, for me as a man, its good enough to get my hair to stay back."
"I like the hair dryer, but have to get adjusted to the longer gun barrell.  My other model had a smaller barrell and I held it closer to my head.  This barrell is longer and I keep bumping my head if I am not paying attention to what I am doing.  Nice dryer for the price and works great.  Two temp's and two speeds."
The only reason I didn't give this Hair dryer 5 stars is because I love a retractable cord. Its a pain to have the cord always in the way - otherwise I love it especially  for this price. My hair dryes very fast and looks very healthy.
"So nice to have it hanging on the wall ready to use.... only drawback, the green night light is very bright so we don't leave it plugged in"
Works well for an item that cost less than 30.00. Very light and compact. I do apt of road travel so this dryer works well.
"This dryer dries well.  The bonnet is small where it fits around the head. Placing a snall towel near the brow makes it more comfortable. Also restringing it so it fits an adult head.  The bonnet smells like plastic for several uses, but now smells better after I took it out and let it sit without being folded up in the case.  Good compact drying with great drying power."
"Good, quickly dry hair"
I love the cool setting which I use to dry my hair in order to avoid applying excess heat to my hair. I use it on a daily basis and it works great.
It drys your hair fast and its not too laud.  Easy to move around if you need to use it anywhere in the house.
"This dryer is compact but heavier than I thought it would be. I like the way it folds, the retractable cord makes packing easy. The dyer is fast."
"Got this for a relative for xmas. She is very pleased with it. It has 3 fan speeds, which is not that easy to find any more. It comes with a couple of drying accessories, too. It is not lightweight though, which, in my view is the only shortcoming."
"not 100% as powerful as my old hair dryer, but its so compact and gets the job done.  My hair feels a lot softer and not burnt, so the lower heat seems to be fine.  Ive only had it a month, so I cant say how long the cord retract works.  For $20, if it lasts a year its better than the competition.  I was looking at other hair dryers, and 10$ more, 20$ more-- didnt seem to be much of a difference.  Not until you go to $100+, and when your comparing a 100$ hair dryer to a 20$ one, the 20$ one is the hairdryer to go with.  Update: retractable cord doesn't always fully retract. Still works fine. I would have liked an easier to clean one but this works. I use my shop vac to demolish the lint in the rear fan. For the price it's still a good bargain."
"When I first pulled it out of the box I was surprised to find that mine at least had a sparkly finish but I decided to try it before passing any judgments on how the product works. I'm happy I did. The dryer has 6 settings each tailored to a different hair type, which is great. In addition to that handy perk, it also has instant cool for setting styles. My hair is always very soft and pretty after using the dryer. Glad to say that I love it!"
Our last Andis lasted 3 1/2 years and I think that is pretty good for a much used hair dryer.  I love the wall mount and I even like the night light.  I highly recommend this dryer to anyone.
Night light was too bright and can not be turned off or down
"Tried and true.  My last Conair lasted 15 years.  I was so glad to see the style was still available.  Compact, but has power."
"I wanted to like this blow dryer more because of the reviews on it. But there just aren't enough heat settings on it, and it gets really hot, too hot! But the combs are sturdy, and it's serves it's purpose when I decide to use it. I switch up with my Vidal Sassoon dryer, when I need something with more alternatives to heat settings."
I really like this blow dryer!  Doesn't frizz hair!
"I love everything about this blow dryer it drys without getting too hot on warm, ligth weight, the attachments and size. I just dont like the buttons they seem like it going to fall off when i turn thw blow dryer on and off. But it works like a dream so i just be careful"
"Blows cold and hot air. The paint eventually cracks after a couple months, but it's for blowing hair not looking nice. Works great for me!"
"Love the hairdryer, it works amazing!  My only problem that everyone should know is that I bought it for the 4 year warranty because I have had 2 chi hairdryers that broke just after my 1 year warranty expired!  Therefor this hairdryer was appealing to me.  The only problem is Bespoke Labs wont honor my warranty because it was not purchased by an authorized Beauty Supply dealer.  So I am screwed if this breaks early!"
"Throughout extensive travels, I would find this model in better hotels & resorts and decided to get one for myself.  Really good, easy to control and direct to exact spots for drying and styling.  Doesn't have a &#34;Cool shot&#34; button, but I really don't miss it."
I like this kind of hairdrier. It leaves my hair a little frizzy but it is light and easy to handle.
"This product was a worthy buy, it is inexpensive and not heavy duty. Great for everyday use and it's light weight makes it easy to pack for travelling."
This is my third favorite. First is the Sedu and second is the Parlux. This is great for the price however.
"great blowdryer for the price, has three settings, is definitley an improvement over my old dryer. Im not sure if this gets as hot as I would like, but for the price, I am very satisfied."
This was a great deal this is very light weight does get a little bit too hot for me. Only has a high and low not a heat option.   Definetly drys my hair in record time. Has a great long cord. Great Dryer for the price
"I love this hair dryer; the available speeds and temperatures are perfect and it's the most quiet hair dryer I've ever owned.  The only drawback for me is the placement of the on-off switch; it's located at the very bottom of the handle so I have to use two hands to turn it on or off.  A better design would be to reverse the placement of the buttons so it could be turned on/off easily with my thumb; currently, the speed/temperature button is easily reached with my thumb, but I don't change that very often.  That is the only reason I didn't give it five stars.  Nevertheless, I still highly recommend it and would buy it again."
"This is a really great hair dryer for the price. It's sturdy and the settings are awesome. I don't like to use a ton of heat when blow drying, so the medium/warm setting is perfect. The best part is the low/cool setting is actually cool! Most dryers are just warm. On top of that you can hit the cold button for extra. Love that. The air itself is pretty powerful, and it dries my hair pretty quickly (I have thick hair).    The only reasons I gave it 4 stars and not 5: the cord is a LITTLE short (but fine for in front of the mirror); it is SLIGHTLY heavy (but definitely sturdy), and I am used to hair dryers that can fold up (but I knew it didn't before I bought it).    I actually liked it so much that I bought one for a friend, too."
"It's fairly compact and not very noisy. I would have liked a bit more air volume, but it's ok in that respect. The night light was too bright so I disabled it. If it lasts as long as my previous Andis, which was 18 years, I'll be well satisfied."
I would have preferred to have an in between setting but am adjusting to the high speed/low speed. It is very light weight and small which will work great for traveling.
"Aside from being a bit heavy, I love this dryer. To be fair, I had been working with an ancient blow dryer that didn't have ceramic or tourmaline heating plates so of course this would work far better. And I've been using the argon oil that came with it which is a dimethicone-based product... of course my hair would be silkier than when I use my homemade aloe & grape seed oil concoction. So whether its the dryer, the products or the combination- I'm not sure. But in either case I am happy with the results each and every time. (I've used it 4 or 5 times by now.)"
"Truly a great dryer! I ordered one for my mother, who then ordered one for her sister, so naturally I had to have one of my own! Significantly reduces flat iron time. I took a star because the brush attachment does not stay on properly. It comes off the dryer once or twice while I'm using it. I have a had an issue in the past with most style dryers tripping the GFCI outlet, but have not had an issue with this one."
"This one seems to work great. However, I do think the level of the wind is a little bit wired."
Great shaver but all the shavings fall out and little stays in the shaving head area.
Very light weight and worked fine for my hair which is mid length.  Easy to switch voltage which I did before going to Italy. I did use it on high and had no issues so did not experience what some others posted.  You will need just an adapter.
"I purchased this dryer for a trip to Italy & it worked perfectly.  It has a switch so I can use it in either the USA or when I travel abroad.  Please note the directions read to only use on low setting when overseas; but the air volumne was still very good & I have thick hair!  You will need an adaptor for it for international travel, but not a convertor.  Overall very good product, lightweight and durable."
"Great hair dryer....lose the night light. It's quiet and easy to install.  If you keep the light make it any color, except for green.  I thought ET was sleeping in the bathroom."
"The dryer does its job well and despite its large size is fairly easy to handle.  Speaking of the handle, it stays cool, as does the rest of the casing.  It is a bit noisier than I thought it would be but it has a deeper sound than our previous dryer... which kind of whined."
"I've had this dryer for two and a half years, and it just died, but that's not bad for a hair dryer. I went out and bought another the same day. It's the best I've ever had for my short, fine hair. The hot setting isn't overly hot, and the cool setting does a nice job of setting my style."
"When my wife first said she wanted me to get her this for her birthday, I though she had lost her mind. $100 for a hair dryer????!!!!!!!    Well, gotta keep her happy so I got it for her. After her using it for about a year, I must say that it really does work better then the cheaper hair dryers she's been using.    Her hair tends to get frizzy and this dryer really does solve that problem a lot better the $25 hair dryer she was using before. It seems well constructed. MAKE SURE you clean out the filter under the back end cap!! It kept stopping every 5-8 minutes & my wife thought it was overheating. But I noticed that the filter was clogged. After cleaning it, the hair dryer was back to normal.    I still have a hard time with paying $100 for a hair dryer but I must say that it actually does seem to work better  than normal hair dryers."
Used this and seems to do fine. I only wish it had a little more of a powerful blow. May order one for my daughter. Great price and quality.
"This is the first thing I bought on-line before.  After my hairdryer broke and visiting a couple of stores with no success to replace it, I decided to put my amazon prime account to use.  The hairdryer arrived on time. The pink was a little different from what I thought it would be, but still nice.  The retracting cord is great. No more wrapping the hairdryer cord around the unit. This is what sold me on this unit to begin with. My only problem with the unit is the slide buttons.  They are not raised, so it is harder to control the heat settings and also shut on and off.  Overall I am very happy with the unit. The price was great and the retractable cord overrides any button issues.  If you order this, you will be very pleased!! Another plus, it is not as large as you would think it would be, so it will be great for traveling. YOU GO AMAZON!"
Got it super fast! Gets the job done. Left my hair smooth and shiny!!
"This does the job for my gym bag. It has the basic, low, high and cool shot settings and best of all, it folds and is compact for travel."
"Needed to get a less powerful blow dryer when I moved to a place with crappy outlets that were killing my other dryers. The MiniPro is super tiny and looks like it could be for a doll, but surprisingly works great for me. Made well and feels sturdy. My dry time seems to be shorter. I have fine hair though. My stepdaughter has long medium hair and it dried her pretty quick as well. Love the color. Very light weight and will be perfect for travel. Especially love the travel bag it comes with, so cute! Been using this dryer a few weeks now and no complaints. Only wish is that it had a cool setting."
"So far, an excellent hair dryer. Not too noisy. Good controls. The handle is well contoured. My only nit is that the little plastic attachment that directs the stream of warm or hot air pops off a little too easily."
With the exception of the hose being a little short - this is a great little hair dryer that has 4 temps.  It is light weight - easy to store and easy to travel with - I recommend it!!!
"Nice hair dryer, way more powerful than my old dryer.  Makes my hair a bit tangled, though, when I don't dry it right away before my mousse begins to dry and set.  Still a nice dryer for the price!"
Good as expected
"My girlfriend has had this for 3 days, so obviously comments on longevity can't be included. It works well, light, cute colors, can't complain."
"I really like this dryer, ti does the job well,  I have  not used the attachment since I have short hair, So I have to review just the hair dryer alone it's really good, I recommend this one. Plenty of choices for air flow."
"Enjoy the settings for heat and power. Very sturdy. I have dropped it and the rubbery plastic is unscathed. It is a bit heavier than others, but it seems well-made"
Good for basic hair dying needs. Not for styling so much. But for the price I say two thumbs up
I have this dryer for a few years now and is still working great
"This dryer is quite loud, but I love that it is ionized and ceramic and light weight.  I don't use a hair dryer much so it works well for me."
"This is a great dryer for this price range!! I owned one that died (didn't know about the 3 yr warranty, so I tossed it. Bummer!) and bought a Rusk Speed Freak (retail $120) after several of my friends raved about it.  However, after only a week of using that one - I've returned it and ordered another one of these. This is BETTER than teh Speed Freak and only costs a fraction of the price!"
"good product but not great, air flow not so great and brush attachment too soft but worth the price nnn"
We used this in a commercial setting and so far it is working great.  I like that is has the nightlight built in.
"Great dryer, gets the job done.  It is a bit heavy but manageable.  I've had it for quite awhile now...can't remember how long...and no diminishment in power or performance."
"The store send the item just in time, and the equipment looks and works nicely. It worth a try for anyone."
"Easy to use, easy to handle, easy to hang up when done, works very well. Fairly loud but not obnoxious.  Seems very well made."
"I does not have a difuser, but is a very lite and comfortable grip. Leaves your hair shinny. Like it."
"Does what it's supposed to, love the retractable cord, I dont really care about the color, inexpensive, but really loud. Oh well, can't have it all in life. Overall, it's a good product."
"I am happy with my purchase of this hair dryer, although I do not really notice much of a difference that it is an ionic dryer.  The look is modern...it appears to be a quality product."
"I was not expecting too much since this is your basic hair dryer.  The price was good for the item.  It has pretty good power, but the temperature on low and medium settings is not too hot.  This does not bother me, but some may like a warmer temperature on the lower power settings."
"I am extremely happy that I purchased this hair dryer!  I have lots of fine hair and it dries my hair in about 30-35 minutes.  It does get pretty hot so I suggest a setting around 50 鈥?55.  It鈥檚 very top heavy so heed the directions and secure it somehow.  I do have to say, the first thing my husband said when he saw it was 鈥渁re you going to the moon?鈥?鈥?as it does look like a space helmet.  The directions are not very clear but I managed to put it together just fine by myself and it鈥檚 very sturdy.  I definitely would recommend this dryer."
"Perfect, drys my very thick and wavy hair super fast and for the first time ever I don't need a straightener afterwards to smooth it out.  I do wish it came with a diffuser though."
I needed to replace my conair wall mount hair dryer since the tab that helps hold the dryer on the wall broke off.  So fortunately I found this beauty which matches nicely with my black and oil-rubbed bronze fixtures in my bathroom.  I like the LED light also as it makes the bathroom feel very modern.
"This is the only ceramic, ionic blow dryer with a retractable cord that I could find on the market and I am very pleased with it.  My fiance loves it because the cord doesn't get tangled or clutter up the bathroom counter.  I love it because it's a great size and performs well-- drying hair very quickly.  The only reason I hesitated from giving it 5 stars is that it is a bit heavy (because of the ceramic core, I suppose).  Lastly I think the product could be improved with a more ergonomic handle."
"My wife was tired of have a dryer on the counter and of dealing with the wire.  She loves this.  The night light is too bright.  I put a piece of white vinyl tape over the LED cut to fit.  It is still bright right through the tape.  Made it acceptable, though."
"The ANDIS 30925 Hangup hair dryer is a great little product.  Mounts to the wall in it's own holder, so it is up out of the way.  It is small but very powerful and dries even the longest hair evenly and quickly with a nice strong flow of air without scorching.  The nightlight is a nice touch too.<br /><br />However, I would like to see the nightlight go back to a softer Green color.  The new blue nightlight is very bright and I had to put a piece of tape over it to mute it down.<br /><br />Great product, buy it for your house."
"This is a good quality lower priced hairdryer. If you want better than your average conair at Target, this is it. Definitely a step up. However, I have since moved up to the Babyliss dryers in the $50-$60 range, and have to say...huge difference and I will never go back! They are amazing. But if you are limited by this price, it is a great dryer."
"Hair dryer works great, easy to use, but it's heavy on the arm when carrying long. It has a button to choose the heat level 3, this machine better than I've ever used, I like it."
This dryer frees up space on the counter top. It isn't very powerful so that's why I gave it four stars. I had to have someone install it for me so that added additional cost. I like the fact that it is all white.
"Having the power cord being able to retract is an awesome feature. No more messy cords to deal with, hence easy storage."
"We wanted one of these after staying in a hotel that had them. The one in the hotel blew a lot harder than this. Still I am pleased with the dryer and we even got a free upgrade. The box ours was in was labeled as this one, but what was inside was actually the ionizing version. Nice bonus, but not sure if it really helps. Still identical in specs.  One thing I had to do was take the back off and bend around most of the LED's used in the nightlight. I also colored the inside of the clear plastic with a sharpie. This was to reduce the brightness of the night light. It would have been handy for a hallway bathroom but was too bright for our bedroom. We love it after the modification."
"Got this for more than just drying hair. These are handy for drying winter gloves, boots and hats. I also use this to shrink electrical insulating tubing and window insulator kits. A heat gun gets too hot for other projects and this is about right. Has a nice soft grippy feel in the hand too. Blows allot of aire on high."
great to have for travel<br />not super small but it is powerful
Love the variety of settings. Has a great long lead to move around as you dry your hair. Can just about carry out a conversation as you use it.
Its good.i am using from long time till now there is no issues and easy to handle. I am satisfied
It is okay. It doesn't get hot enough and the buttons are located where you hit them with your fingers.  I am not crazy about it and certainly would want more heat fromit
"This hairdryer has adequate heat, but excellent air flow, which I prefer.  The higher-heat dryers without the airflow just seem to bake your hair dry.  The retractable cord is only 4 ft. long, but again that's adequate in most situations."
I used the same brand hair dryer for 2 decades before buying this dryer.  I was very satisfied with it from the moment I turned it on.  It dries my hair fast and well.  Nobody knows I really have curly hair.  I was apprehensive to try a new dryer but this was a good choice.  I highly recommend it.
"Good hair dryer--cool, warm and hot settings, plus a cool button.  I liked the sparkly finish.  My only complaint is that it is kind of big and hard to store. Fairly priced."
"Since we moved south, we have had many guests.  Finally, we decided to just &#34;outfit&#34; the guest bathroom.  All of our friends who use this hair dryer comment about how nice it is.  Apparently, it's a hit!"
"Best feature for me is the cool setting not found on other hair dryers. In hot, humid weather, the cool setting allows me to dry my hair and not overheat while doing so!"
Great hairdryer. Powerful but not too heavy and bulky. Like it very much.
Works fine.  Replaced a similar older model with this one.  It seems to be a bit lighter than the older one.  Good purchase.
"Love the fact that it really is hands-free, but it is quite a monstrosity! It took me awhile to find the correct height that I wanted it and the right bend, so I feel like I have to leave it up. Thank goodness it's not in my way TOO much, but it certainly is an eyesore."
"I got this in the mail today.I was so happy when i opened it the colors are beautiful and bright!!! I was a little sad that one of the eye shadows was broken and it was messy when i opened it.:(  Other than that I love it, and it goes on great and does not look chalky or cheap at all!!!! GREAT BUY!!!!"
"The 1875 dryer is an excellent product. Heats fast with with both High and low speeds.Has a slide high, low, and off switch which I liked.  The low speed is higher than I expected but still a very good product."
"I love it, after using it my hair is silky as if I use flat iron it. It really straighten my hair out!!!"
good as any other
Great professional hair dryer.  The only reason I'd dock it a star is the noise.  I'm thinking about buying the silencer to see if that will help.  Otherwise it really gets the job done!
"This product works great, tried many different hair removal techniques and this one being one of the best I found.  Only complaints I have for this item is that i only received the four larger discs and not any of the smaller discs."
I use Organic Root Stimulator to freshen my scalp after a workout. Good stuff. Be careful not to overuse this product. It will cause buildup on your scalp if you use it too often. Nothing fully replaces a vigorous scalp-scrub in the shower!
"Packed easily in my one carry-on bag for flight to MA.  Was strong enough to blow dry my hair straight just as my larger home dryer does.  (Might have taken a few more minutes but perfectly satisfactory).  It will work when I fly to Europe also, which is very helpful.  Seems as reliable as my previous Conairs--have always liked this brand."
"This works well and easy for me to hold over my head when drying my hair.  The night light is almost too bright and there is no off/on switch for it, so I unplug the unit when I don't want the light in.  If I needed a dryer for the gym or RV, I would choose a model with the dryer and holder as separate units so I could pack only the dryer alone.  As the unit is installed in my bathroom, it works well for me but not easy to take anywhere else."
"It works well, you just have to find a right chair and a surface with the right height so you would not have a sore neck from the use of it."
"I'm able to straighten my daughter's very kinky hair with no problems with the comb attachment. No problems so far, I don't really use it much, but so far so good."
"works well, priced right, but the attachment bracket almost makes it is &#34;permanent&#34; attachment to your wall.  Try to remove it and something will break."
"Great little dryer and very reasonably priced! I bought this for my elderly mother.  Her hand held dryer had ceased working so this little dryer was the ticket! It is lightweight, small & easy to store, easy to use and it blows warm and cool air to dry my mother's hair! The most important part....she likes it, so what's not to love!"
"This model is a little bigger than our older wall mount blow dryer.  I like the smaller size better, but needed to go with something that might last longer.  The on/off switch for this model is on the hanger (the wall mount) and not on the dryer itself.  I prefer the switch to be on the handle of the dryer.  Those details aside, the force and heat of the dryer is excellent for its size.  It dries my hair quickly.  I'm happy with this dryer.  Will have to wait to see what its longevity is."
This very good for that price I thought it was a little bigger but is fine for me. Bye and thank you for the product.
"This is the second one we have ordered, product works great, easy install and very powerful, last one was left on and clipped into the holder, it melted the holder enought so it would not stay in. Have had the first one about 4 years with no problems, use almost every day and still works well. Keeps the bathroom counter and cabinet free."
"The concept of this hair dryer is great - retractable cord, folds for travel, ceramic technology, etc.  It works well when it works, however its only good for 6 months to a year.  I bought my first one in May 2012 and it blew up in Dec 2012.  Bought a replacement in Dec 2012 and this one just blew up in Jan 2014.  Blew up = POP, fizzle, smoke.  I like the hair dryer, but there's an obvious trend I'm not willing to risk anymore.<br /><br />**Update** After reading some of the other reviews, I learned about the 5-year warranty.  I contacted Andis, and all I had to do was send in my Amazon receipt.  They sent out two new hairdryers within days.  I am happily using the hair dryer again and have a spare.  I upgraded from 3 to 4 stars based on the fantastic warranty and customer service."
"Does the job. Dries my hair. Not fast, but it also doesn't seem to make my hair like a burnt crisp. So, all good."
"looks good,easy to install fast ship like the fact you can take off vent and clean when its time also cord has not tangled"
"We wanted a wall-mounted dryer that would fit a narrow space and give us the power for drying male and female hair. This was perfect, and it looks good, too. Only suggestion would be to add a cool setting along with its high and low heat setting. We would recommend this dryer for space savings, convenience, and good looks."
"This is the second Andis hairdryer I've had of this type. The first one lasted six years and I used it almost every day, then it eventually started to overheat and would turn itself off almost immediately after turning it on. It is outstanding and that's why I bought another one. I personally like the light on  it because it makes a great night light in the bathroom. However, there is one problem and that is the reason I'm giving it four stars instead of five. The screws that are used to attach this hair dryer to the plate that goes on the wall have a Phillips head that does not match American Phillips screwdrivers. I was very lucky to have ONE special screwdriver that worked. Why I didn't remember this problem from the first Andis hair dryer I don't know. I think they should include American head Phillips screws when sending it to an address in the United States."
"SUPER tiny but works great. Perfect for weekend trips away from home and small enough to toss in a bag and take to the gym. Not terribly noisy either. I wish it had a medium heat setting but other than that, I can't complain."
"Lightweight, inexpensive, and good for home use. Got it quick, was just as described but a little on the noisy side."
"Bought two of these, one for each bathroom.  I like the controls on the handle and the ability to adjust the temperature and the power while you're using it.  My husband, however, doesn't particularly like that feature -- I guess with larger hands he finds himself inadvertently changing the settings while he's gripping the dryer.  I also like three temperature settings, high, medium, and cool.  Too many dryers I've used before just have high or no heat.  I really like it; husband is just OK with it."
"good product, good price fast delivery exactly what I expected. would purchase from this seller again. built better than I had expected and well thought out. makes the age old problem of hair dryer storage and cord tangle fade away. looks good on the wall and has enough cord to mount just about anywhere in a normal bathroom."
"It works great! I love that it is compact and the cord is retractable. My only complaint is the cord is not very long. My outlet is above my sink in my bathroom so the length of the cord is fine for me there, but if I were using an outlet close to the floor I would not be able to move as freely."
This is a good hairdryer and I have no complaints with how it dries my hair.  I am a little surprised by the reviewers that have said this is a light weight hair dryer.  I find this hair dryer to be a good bit heavier than my previous Conair hair dryer that I had to replace.  The controls are easy to operate and it is even easy to change settings while drying my hair.  I love the color.  It is a pretty vibrant purple.  Overall I am happy with my purchase but I do wish it was a little lighter in weight.
"Not the most powerful of hairdryers, but wall mount is so nice!  If I need to dry my hair FAST, I get a different dryer."
"I really like this dry.  I works wonderfully, but sometime I tend to change the settings unintentionally due to the location of the switches.  It's a great dryer other than that."
"So far, this is the first time I've purchased the real Pro with affordable price...it dry fast with impressive speed....Love it"
"This hair dryer is very light, quieter than some, but still pretty loud on high. I think the high fan setting is a bit fast for styling, but is good for drying hair quickly. The high / hot heat is hot! Overall I am satisfied with this dryer and would recommend it.<br /><br />It arrived when Amazon said that it would."
"It is powerful & effective with defuser & concentrator. I wanted something for traveling but too heavy. Folding handle was good, but too big for my use."
"Great product for $22. I like the mat plastic touch, feels like a salon model. Kind of quiet, and comes with two extra attachments. A bit big for my taste though."
I shopped around to compare prices on this Conair hairdryer and this was a steal!.  It is pretty good and it is a tourmaline ceramic hairdryer with the standard attachments. There might be more efficient more powerful hairdryers out there but you will also pay at least 4 times this price.
Dryer is light weight but powerful. A lot of hair dryer for the price. I'm 6 ft tall and it would be nice if the cord was just a little longer.
Less heat and more blow would be better
"I absolutely LOVE this hair dryer. It makes my hair SO shiny and soft, and it feels incredibly smooth. With other hair dryers, my hair would look fried, frizzy, and extremely coarse, no matter what products I used. Not with this one! It has a decent amount of settings available; temperature settings are hot and warm and speed settings are low and high. The cool shot button is great for locking in the shine and shape in my hairstyle. It's easy to use this hair dryer, and it's not so heavy, which is nice."
"We bought this dryer, because we have a tiny bathroom with little storage space.  It was easy to hang, but the bracket holds the unit away from the wall a bit.  It has adequate power and the controls are easy.  We are very pleased with it."
"This hair dryer is pretty good for the price. I previously had a conair ceramic hair dryer with a retractable cord. It did a good job, but was heavy, and ultimately it was the retractable cord that caused the dryer to stop working. The Conair 256P is nice and light. I have curly hair and do not dry it completely, so I put the heat on the warm setting and the blower on high and it works great for me. It doesn't come with a diffuser, but I don't use one. It does however come with the vent attachment so you can direct the air flow. My son uses the dryer as well and likes it. The only complaint I would have is that it is noisy. Basically, it's light and does a great job and the price is right."
Love the color && ive been searching for a blow dryer like this but all ive been seeing are cylinder-end shaped dryers && when i found this i had to get it! It shipped in two days which was great too! Only reason i didnt give 5 stars is because the packaging was kind of beat up which had me skeptical for a little minute but other than that great buy
"I have  2 girls and me with long hair in my family. I find very helpful to use for different hairstyle actually with very long hair.<br />I gave only 4 stars because it is not the best quality but for the price is good enough!<br />Was a good buy, try it."
Like it  it is pretty powerful. Took on vacation and use it in my RV too.
"bigger than I expected , doesn't fit in my drawer.  but the product itself works great."
"My old dryer was not putting out any heat. That was why I bought this one. It does not put out as much air as my old one, but it does a good job of drying my hair."
Third time is a charm!  I was looking to replace my hair dryer and the last two I tried were so loud.  This one is great! Yay!
"I love it. Love the retractable cord. My husband says it's too loud when he's still asleep in the next room, so I took away one star."
"It's powerful, and it has cooler button. I don't know why, it wash't too hot, but after using it I can smell burns."
"Yes, it was dirt cheap, but my wife reports it's not that great.  Apparently it doesn't get as hot as other models, and the air it pushes is just so-so, so it takes longer to work."
There's really nothing bad to say about this blow dryer. It's great for the price! And the compact feature comes in handy if you travel a lot.
"I have been ordering Andis Wall dryers for a while. This one was smaller than the one I had before, which is good in a small bathroom. I'm very pleased with the temperature and ease of using."
I've been using this for about a month.  Not greasy. It moisturizes and puts a good dark brown tone in.
I bought this to replace an older model of the same. Not as good as my older one but a great little dryer nonetheless.
"In my rush to get ready for work in the morning, it is nice to have this extra strong dryer to blow on my balding head after my shower for 90 seconds in the early morning light and make it appear that I actually have more hairs than I do. I like the ability to choose a cool as well as a hot air setting. The filter unhinges from the back for easy cleaning."
I like how small it is and has good power makes it easy to travel with doesn't take up much room
This is a great dryer.  Dries my hair very fast and seems to help with static electricity.  It's a little pricey but if you have long hair it's worth it.
"It drys my hair, does what it's supposed to, pretty much says it all. If it's alive a few years from now I'll be impressed"
"I was always a wash and wear kinda gal. But recently I had my hair straightened and the beautician suggested to blow dry out after washing.  She told me the Elchim Professional 2001 was the best and they last for a long time.  She had many years on her dryer and it is used lots everyday.  That sounded like the best option for me.  If I was going to invest, I wanted it to be good and have a long happy life.  It seems to be well balanced and has lots of power.  My thick hair is dry in 10 minutes.  I am very satisfied with my purchase and no regrets.  The product was delivered quickly.  I was suprised that the dryer was in a box with no packing to secure it inside.  I thought that was odd.  I am sure that it was bounced around from the wearhouse and across the nation by all who touched it.  That part did concern.  I hope it did not affect the life of my product.  Time will tell. But so far so good."
The dryer works well. The attachments stay on very secure and the dryer is very light weight. The only issue is that the dryer setting button easily slides into other setting while holding it.
"This hair dryer works well. It's much quieter than most dryers I've used, which is great, because I always worry about damaging my hearing with daily use. So it's great not having to have to worry about that.    Some people talk about how heavy it feels, but I don't really notice. I do visit the gym every once in while, so there you go.    I thought the silvery front part of the dryer was going to be metal, but it's a dull plastic. That makes it look quite a bit cheaper than pictured. It still works great nonetheless. It dries faster than my other dryer. I really like all of the settings; warm/hot (and cool button), low/high. As far as the shininess - I didn't notice a difference. But I definitely had less static and fly-aways.     It comes with a diffuser and another part which you can snap on, which I'm pretty sure is for blowing your hair out.      All in all, this hair dryer is a good deal for the price. I think it's cheaper here on Amazon than Walmart. At my Wally, there were selling it for $20 and I got it for $10 here."
"I've been tanning off & on for a looong time now. I stopped for awhile then got back into it just recently over this past summer. I started with Australian Golds Cheeky brown which was alright for starters. Then moved on up to Australian Golds Wicked. Stuck with that one for about 2 months but was longing to get more out of my tanning session. So I read the mixed reviews about Bombshell here. Some people loved it some didn't (shrugs). Now me personally, I love tingling lotions. And not only did this one have a kewl name and 100xx, which was WAAY more then I'd ever used. But it has a foxy lil 1950s pin up girl on the label. :D So I ordered it, it arrived rather quick. It only tingled  like, 3 times when first using it.  The smell is awesome. I didn't feel like I needed to run home and take a shower after applying it. All in all, if you like that tingle factor. And are looking to get a better more dark color. I totally recommend this lotion. ^_^"
"I love having my hair dryer out of the way and on the wall.  Reviews said the night light went out in 2 weeks, but I have had mine for a few weeks and the night light is still going strong.  The only issue I have with this hairdryer is that it doesn't have a cool air setting."
"just like the other reviews,Andis works beautifully. I can get straighter hair now with only my blowdryer and the cool shot is a bonus.Thank you"
It works well but it takes a lot of room over the outlet. Large square plug cover both of them!
"Very powerful fan, it seems my hair tangles more easily because it blows so hard but on the other hand my hair dries faster. Otherwise a good blow dryer."
"works as expected--however, perpetual nightlight is too bright, this was a replacement item, so hopefully it lasts longer than the previous one"
"Thought all hairdryers were the same. This one is lioke going to a salon. Liked it so much , bought one for my daughter."
"Fits well in the RV, works but have not been on a trip yet to use it.  Amazon C/S was great to look up measurements for me to make sure it would fit in the space we had.  I had ordered 2. Previously and they would not fit.  Vendors need to put measurements of units in descriptions."
"This hairdryer does exactly what it promises: dries hair fast and keeps the dryer handy but neatly out of the way--all for under $25! The only thing I don't like about it is the noise it creates. I wanted to buy the *quiet* version, but couldn't find it available anywhere."
"This blow dryer is exactly what I was looking for! It's not outrageously priced, simple, lightweight, and dries hair fast!"
Web site description adequate and accurate. Delivery timely. Mounting straight-forward. Lo-speed & Lo-heat; Hi speed & Hi heat. Both appropriately matched. Insertion into and release from wall mount easy. Noise level comparable to other mfgrs' units I've used at my gym. In service less than 1 month so can't comment on durability. Does an excellent job of making my lazy crew cut stand up.
"I bought this for my wife after her old one broke.<br />My wife seemed to think that price and quality were correlated with hair dryers, but after seeing the price of some of the &#34;high end&#34; hair dryers, I decided to do a bit more research.  I bought this one because it it highly rated and reasonably priced.  I'm happy to say that my wife enjoys it and noticed no difference from her previous device which was probably over $100."
This replaced a Conair Wallmount Dryer without the LED Night Light.<br />Found the Andis model to be compact especially with the unique cord hanger.<br />Does not seem as powerful however.<br />Bright night light a real plus!
"I was a little hesitant to purchase since it was rather cheap for a good ionic dryer but it worked great. I have 3c type hair and it dried my hair rather quickly and straight, with minimal frizz BUT it did die out exactly a year later. So I guess you get what you pay for....but it was good while it lasted."
"First Amazon Review... So I bought this hair dryer as my main hairdryer at home. I typically use the WARM setting. Overall, great finish and works very well. Despite me using the warm (not hot) setting, the thin film of plastic over the barrel and handle slowly started to peel off. Not a big deal, but definitely worth noting, in case that bothers you. It's doesn't look so pretty now, and I've had it for about a year.<br /><br />Overall, great value for the money and excellent results, but the packaging I'd give a 4/10, they could have done better."
I picked this up on lightening deal as I needed a new blow dryer. It's as good as my last conair but a bit less powerful - which is fine for me because I couldn't use the highest setting on my last one since it blew my hair to much - I have fine hair so it just tangled my hair on the highest setting. I love the retractable cord!
"I bought this almost 3 years ago, and it's still going! I gave it 4 stars because I think it does get a little too hot on the highest setting, and not hot enough on the &#34;warm&#34; setting. However, if you are looking for a nice dryer on a budget, this is a great choice. I love the fact that the cord winds up."
Mounted very quickly in the same holes of the previous dryer. Works great and a  good value. Previous dryer cost 3 times more and worked the same.
"Great hair dryer, gets your hair dry in no time and the cord  gets store in the same dryer, my daughter loves it, thanks a lot!!"
"The hair dryer works well and was easy to install.<br />It was a little larger than I expected.<br />Overall, happy with the product."
The number of heat and airflow settings are exactly what I need.  The purple color is beautiful.<br />It uses toggle switch (instead of sliding switch) control and is very easy to change modes.  Airflow is adequate in high setting.  I expect this to last 2 - 3 years (based on my experience with Conair hair dryers).
"Saved me a trip to the store. Price was comparable to store items of similar design/claims. I think Conair has quality products, and the retractable cord is convenient and works dependably. Has plenty of drying power. Not an ideal travel dryer, as it is appropriately larger than small, under-powered travel dryers. Perfect for daily home use. Last Conair dryer lasted 5+ years. Similar design and features. I think that's good durability."
"Haven't actually used this yet, it will be fine!"
"It is a good feel in my hand, and I suffer from carpel tunnel syndrome. I can hold it with a solid grip. The one reason it is not five stars for me is the cord. Although the angle of it looks like a good idea, it can sometimes get in my way when I am trying to work with a round brush on the back of my head. However,  I am very satisfied with my purchase, because the heat options, air flow settings, weight, sound, and looks are all attractive and smooth. It has not smoked, over-heated, or gotten too heavy while I have been using it. I can have it on and my boyfriend can still sleep in the bed, with a closed door as the only seperation between us. Arguably, he is a heavy sleeper. Overall, I am happy and plan to use my complimentary discount code on another product from this friendly company."
"Does what it's supposed to; haven't had any problems with it yet, but the sliding switches seem really cheap. Better quality switches would have pushed it to 5 stars; shame they cut corners on the only moving piece that you actually have to manipulate to use the thing; reminding me how cheap it feels when I use it every time."
I purchased the hair dryer to use in England.  It performed quite well.  It's very light and I look forward to using in future travels in the US and abroad.
For the price this is a good drier. It did get a little heavy while I was drying my hair. But I did think my hair looked shinier after. I would not call it professional quality by any means. I would say it is worth it if you're just looking for a good cheap hair dryer.
"Bought this for my little girl (8yr old) to be able to dry hair on her own. It is the perfect weight, it is cute, it perfectly in her little hands, she loves it. It doesn't have a guard like my Conair does to keep the hair from being sucked in the back of it (most women know what I mean) but it is well worth the price esp will all the other attachments included."
"It does what it's supposed to do. It's light weight and fairly easy to handle. I would have given it 5 stars except that the cord tangles a bit while using it. Maybe it will loosen up after a while I don't know, but right now it's kind of annoying. Also it doesn't have a cool air button, which it didn't claim to have one so it's not their fault, but I didn't think of it checking when I read the description.<br /><br />For the money it's a great item. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a simple hair dryer."
"The Andis 33805 Micro Turbo 1600W Dual Voltage Hair Dryer is great for travel and everyday use, and is lightweight, powerful, small, packable, works great.  (I have three, oldest of which is 4 years old.)"
The hair dryer works good drys hair fast. However when we revived it the retractable cord button didn't work other than that this is one of the strongest hair dryers we ever used.
"I have owned this product. It lasted 3 years. The fan blades shattered into pieces.  I chose to replace it with the same unit. That translates into $10 /yr.  Prior to the Oster I had Sunbeams. One lasted 8 years. They are no longer available. There cost was 2/3'rds the cost of the Oster. Where are the economical competitors? Functionally, the latest Oster is much improved regarding sound. In fact it is whisper quiet by comparison. Overall, the product is very nice in display and function."
This is a really good blow dryer. I have unrelaxed AA hair. Makes my hair really straight and manageable. The only down side to this dryer is that it's really heavy otherwise its great!
"I had been looking for a small and powerful hair dryer that would do the job and I could put away with out taking to much room.  In this Conair Bonnet Hair Dryer I found it. It's small, sleek and powerful.  Love this Hair dryer and been using for 3 month and had no problem with it. Plus could not beat the great price I got it here!"
So far it is working lovely! It dries my hair very fast though it does not have the changing voltz feature I like it! Is a little heavy but you can see it is of good quality! Hope electric accident won't happen.
"At first i wasn't sure about how it would work, after buying the right adaptor, however it did and i an very impress. I have decided to buy this same product for a friend's birthday, i hope she too would find it as useful as i did."
Quite  compact. Seems  very  sturdy  High  setting  very  strong  but  quite  loud
"Not heavy, buttons not in the way.  Didn't like the diffuser, so just attached a hot sock diffuser, works just fine. Like the sleek look to it."
"Expensive, yes, but very much worth it! After my last hair dryer croaked I read many reviews and ordered the highly-rated Revlon Tourmaline Ionic Hair Dryer. That one actually took curl and body OUT of my hair and left it limp and hard to style. So I went hunting for a non-ionic dryer and chose this one, not at all sure I was happy paying $75 for a hair dryer. But I am indeed happy and would gladly buy it again. Styles my hair nicely with no frizz. I've used it for more than 3 years and it still works perfectly. The only flaw is some bare spots where the color scratched off in putting the dryer in and out of a drawer--not that I care one whit about the paint job on my hair dryer. I've rated it four stars rather than five simply because it's large."
"I have very thick and coarse hair and this is the best hairdryer I have owned until now! It gets my hair dry so fast, and the end results are smooth and frizzless hair. With other hair dryers it takes anywhere from 25-35 minutes but this one literally takes 7-10 minutes plus adds more volume to my hair.The heat settings are perfect as well in case someone doesn't want to add too much heat to your hair .. Every dryer I have ever owned did pretty much all the same things but at the end made my hair frizzy and dried my hair out. This dryer is THE ONLY ONE that makes my hair look so beautiful, sleek, soft and shiny! It makes my hair so smooth that I almost don't have to flat iron it since it is naturally wavy. Freakinglyyy amazing!!"
Loved it.Every dollar i spent for this hairdryer was worth it.Every diff-user accessory comes with the hairdryer is better than the other.Especially the one that has o comb in front is extremely convenient for hair-straitening.
"I can't believe how easy this is.  I just finished my first haircut.  Took me maybe 10 minutes tops.  Did it entirely by myself, and I can't say there is any real difference between what I feel and see in the mirror from when the barber did it.  And no one else has noticed any difference or mentioned it. I always told my barber anyway not to shave over the ears and around the back - just at the bottom of my sideburns.    I am delighted I made this purchase.  I would not recommend this to anyone who has hair much longer than a crewcut, however."
"This is a very good product.  I have been using over a month.  It has enough power to blow your hair faster.  However, the night light caused everyone a little uncomfortable.  The light was too bright when I pluged the power.  The only way to turn off light is to press Test buttom and press Reset buttom when you needed to use, which is very inconvenience.  So, I opened the back cover and stick the dark tape on the light screen to reduce the bright light.  I wish there is a dimm switch to adjust light."
Works pretty good.  I just wish it was a little hotter.
"very easy to install and works very well, Better than expected. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because it is a little noisier that I would like .<br />But its great."
needed a dryer lite and easy to use for when we travel and this did the trick.  not for everyday but very handy for travel and a back up dryer
"Good dryer, very simple and has a nice combination of settings. Drys hair very fast with no frizz - even in Winter. Liked the first one so much I bought a second.<br /><br />UPDATE: I thought it worth updating this review, as it has been nearly 5 years since I purchased two of these dryers, and they are still going strong with daily use! One of the things that I have come to really appreciate about this dryer is that the low fan setting truly is low. So many other dryers give you high and higher as choices. I don't want to achieve the head out the car window look, I want just enough airflow to get the job done. Of course, there is a high setting if you do want more. The other noteworthy thing is that cleaning lint out of the dryer is so easy! The lint screen removes very easily and can be cleaned in seconds and replaced. This helps keep the unit working efficiently and adds to its life."
Light weight and small and great power...very pleased with this little dryer.  Bought it for travel but may end up using for every day.
Works very good for the price but WOW it is very heavy and takes time to get use to
Love the diverse settings! Does a great job of drying my thick hair quicker than other dryers I have tried.
It works really well!
"Had to switch it to the higher setting for my wife's needs, but it's working OK. We'll see in the future, as some reviews question it's durability."
I love the hair dryer but the comb attachment starting breaking on our first use.
Girls love it but the lid is a bit fragile
"Like the color and the brush. Never use the combs although they may be helpful, but not for my curly hair. Wish it had more watts, but overall, like it a lot."
Dries my hair fast...overall good hair dryer...I'm not sure that it's worth the price..but I like it.
Love the cord; not quite enough power.
"I was trying to find a hair dryer that had 3 speed and 3 heat settings and was reasonable priced.  This fit 3 requirements.  It doesn't get quit as hot as I expected, but I am still pleased with it."
love the nite lite and the heat settings. but after having it now for almost a year the motor is starting to make a noise....it stops  working every now and then. I would order this again if it burns out.
The dryer is stylish and works well but is on the heavy side and takes some getting used to. Overall a good purchase for the cost.
"This thing packs some blowing power for a small sized hair dryer. I'm happy with it, plus it was really inexpensive."
"I love this hair dryer, however it doesn't last... I have had to replace it three times in five years."
"My stylist recommended this model to me.  She's used them (and others) in salons for many years and mentioned this one as a sound hair dryer.  I needed one at school after I started growing my hair out again, so I looked online for this model.    PROS:  -Classic design/substantial housing: has the potential to last years  -Multiple heat settings and fan speeds  -longer cord than most (8 feet instead of 6 feet)  -Low noise (more like a whoosh than a wine: shouldn't wake neighbors if you're in a dorm/apartment situation)    CONS:  -Heat settings are distinctive but not straightforward nor precise      Overall, I feel like I got a very good product at a great price.  I would buy it again, though not if it doesn't last.  I've only had it for two days and it seems to be doing well."
Love  the fact that this dryer is a little lighter in weight than the original one that I also have.  It does not seem to have the same drying power as the original.. I keep this one in my travel bag for that reason..It is easy on the hair and does not seem to frizz out the hair as some brands seem to do all the time..
I actually LOVE this hair dryer and would give it 5 starts but due to where the on/off button is (right where my thumb warps around the handle) I keep accidentally shutting off the unit while I am using it--so for me there is a tiny design flaw. The dryers works quickly and leaves my hair shining and healthy.
"With my greasy face, the original gold colored acne wash cut through the sludge with a single pump of soap.  This new version requires 2 pumps, but smells 100x better.  I think the better smell is worth the extra soap."
It's works very good. We had the same one that lasted for 7 years. It is pretty noisy. I thought maybe they had made them to be less noisy now.
"I bought this as a second hair dryer for the home.  I like the retractable cord feature, and the heating element is pretty good.  It could use a little more air flow power though.  Since my original hair dryer broke, I am in the market for another one.  (This one still works good, but my older hair dryer broke).<br /><br />I am surprised to see that in about 11 months time, this dryer has gone up in price by 2.5 times what I originally paid.  Back in April 2012, I got this for only $10.  On March 6, 2013 (today), Amazon is now selling it for close to $25!?  Guess I won't be getting another one of these..."
"It's nice. I thought the cool shot had a locking button, but it doesn't. That was the main reason I bought it. It does work well and it doesn't seem to over heat like me other one."
"Very good hair dryer. Slightly heavier than a DC motor, but we knew that going in. Works great thus far and hopefully will last a lot longer than other dryers!"
"I received this hair dryer yesterday and used it today for the first time...    What I liked:  -I was really drawn to the price and I still feel that it a great value.  -It has two settings; the low is nice and cool and the high is warm but not too hot. I like this because I try to use as little heat as possible.  -It has a lot of holes in the hood so it drys your hair very quickly.    -It's not as loud as I thought it would be.    What I didn't like and might also bother other users:  -I don't use rollers, but for anyone who does, this hood might be a bit small.  -I'm 5' 10 and the height is perfect for me, so if you are shorter that might be an issue. I used it at my kitchen table.  -There aren't enough holes around the back so about 3/4 way through you have to turn around with your body facing the machine. That's ultimately my biggest dislike about the machine.    Overall I'm happy with the item and I'd order it again. Hope this helps!"
"[[ASIN:B000IG83VE Babyliss Pro BABFRV2 Volare Ferrari Designed Professional Luxury Mid Sized Hair Dryer, Red, 2000 Watts]]<br /><br />This hair dryer is the best but the 2 nozzle did not come in my package... this has me worry that the product may not be new."
"This product does justice to those who have thick, full hair to even silky fine hair. I have used several blow dryers and this one has help protect breakage, it's easy to use and to store, and eliminates me from oiling or heating my hair as much without it's Ionic Ceramic Support. The heat and wattage combined helps keep my hair shiny, healthy and straight. Less use of flat-iron and pressing comb!  I'm a Satisfied Customer! : )"
I can see why other reviewers found the parts to be flimsy and plastic.  It could very easily break and be unrepairable.  But the heat is steady and well distributed.  The cooler setting does not burn my scalp and the hotter setting is great for a quick blast to get drying started on my long hair.  I will say to be very careful with the plastic parts and it should be fine.
Great product I read reviews so kept my unit on low! Wow!  Low gets really hot so it does the job so far woo hoo!!!!!
"I bought this item from 2012 and it is still going strong. It is well worth the money. The only downside to it is that just before the timer goes off, you gotta get up from underneath it because it has a loud sound when the time runs out."
"Great small blower for home, its compact and slick design.  Just make sure don't drop on the floor, it might damage the fan easily."
I like the tangle teaser brush.  It does detangle hair more gently than a comb or denman brush.  I dont feel like my hair is thoroughly brushed afterwards.  I think becasue the teeth give so easily..  I do  use it a lot though and would recommend it to be added to anyones grooming routine.  But I still feel as though another brush or comb would be needed to complete the grooming.
"This is a good hair dryer.  It gets the job done better than other blow dryers I have tried for my 4a, 4b textured ethnic hair.  I had another model of an Andis hair dryer that looked similar to this particular Andis style dryer and it was better than this one as it blow dryed my hair so well that I didn't even need to flat iron my hair a lot of times because it was that efficient with the proper amount of heat combined with the fine tooth comb attachment (without causing heat damage).  This dryer still a relief for me as I had been going without a good blow dryer for a while and this one works for my hair compared to other brands."
"This is a great hair dryer, and not just because it keeps the chord inside... many hair dryers get super hot even on meduim heat, this has a very soft medium heat, and is hot enough... and I am not sure what all makes it work so well, but it dries hair FAST."
"My old hair dryer was a Conair that I had for about 30 years, so when replacing I felt confident in buying this brand. I did not have an Ionic one before, so this one is a big improvement. My hair turns out much better and it takes much less time to dry than my old one. I am very happy with this selection. I have not tried the attachments yet, but plan on it soon."
Surprisingly light and effective for drying my hair. It came with extra attachments in a cute zebra-striped bag. I wouldn't use it on the highest setting or for long periods of time. It is super small and easy to take around.
"Dave's wife:<br /><br />I was sick of my old 1875w hairdryer's cords always getting in the way in the cabinet so I ditched it for a folding model with a retractable cord.<br /><br />People said this dryer was loud, but I didn't find that to be true.<br /><br />It works very well and I'm happy with it, just be aware that the cord doesn't retract all the way, it only retracts to a certain point.<br /><br />Still, much better than what I had and it works great!"
"After a few weeks of using this wall mount hair dryer, I am impressed. Works great, very functional, nice looking. Some side comments are that the night light is very bright and there doesn't seem to be an option to turn it off. Also, it holds very tight in the mount and you have to pull it rather firmly to get it out. Everytime I do this, the base looks like it wants to come out of the wall, time will only tell - it will probably loosen up over more use."
"Have had this for about a year and it is not only still going string, but is still in fantastic shape. This was a worthy purchase"
I was able to quickly blow dry my hair.  The combs were able to glide through my thick hair quickly.  I'm so glad I purchased this blow dryer.
"After reading the good to excellent reviews I purchased the dryer recently.  The delivery was speedy and all the parts were included.  My adult son, who's good at assembling things, put it together for me.  I'm African-American with long Locs that I roll-up on curlers and my hair dried evenly at a comfortable setting.  I had to place thick cushions on my folding chair, which is somewhat low,  to sit high enough for my head to be covered under the dryer.  I wasn't able to adjust the height locking knob to lower the hood.  I'll have to call on my son again.  I love the convenience of giving my hair a deep heat conditioning, rinsing, rolling it on rollers, then drying it with my own professional bonnet style hood dryer.  My curls were soft and springy.  I've only used it once and so far so good for the price, timer and range of heat settings, size of the hood, ease of use, and aesthetics."
"Before purchasing this hair dryer I read pretty much all of the reviews on the earlier edition.  The ratings were high, so I decided to get the latest edition and try it out.  I wasn't sure if the dryer would work wonders with my hair type.  As an African American female with natural hair, finding a blow dryer that straightens as well as dries quickly is always a process.  But using the Andis is like a breath of fresh air! It takes me about 10-15 to dry my hair with the comb extension.  And Yay for the comb extension! I am so happy with my purchase I have been telling everyone I know to get it:)"
"[[ASIN:B0017WNHYG Turbo Power Twin Turbo 2600 Hair Dryer]] I bought this for my mom's beauty salon; she had some of these but they were worn out, so basically she knew what to expect from this product.  Although it was a good buy, it wasn't exactly a bargain as the price was not very far from what I could get on a 'brick and mortar' store. As of know it has been what expected: reliable, and comfortable in hand. I (my mom) would recommend this product."
Kind of weak. I'm not sure why they dont make a 1800w model. The night light is kind of cheesy too. Overall good product though. I'm very happy with it.
"I really loved this hair dryer for a long time; it worked just fine, and was a good price.<br /><br />Then one day my mother-in-law got her hair caught in it (how does one do that, anyway?) and now it only seems to work at half power, and can get really hot really easily.  I suppose it would only be an expensive hair dryer (if any) which could take preventative measures in their system to more effectively deal with that sort of thing if it were to happen.<br /><br />Even so I'm satisfied with it and might buy a new one for myself, and pass off the old one to my mother-in-law."
"I bought this hair dryer because my old one stopped working.  This seems like a good quality buy, certainly for the price, but no professional dryer."
"I am tired of paying 85 dollars and up for a professional hairdryer that never seems to last more than 9 mos, is heavy with a bulky desighn and never fails to trip my breaker(usually more than once) while blow drying a client.(p.s, stay away from hot tools, ive had 3 of them in 2 &1/2 years)the shipping was FAST, and although the dryer itself is of a smaller scale,it has more blowing power than I expected for its small size, its nice and light and easy to handle, it has yet to trip my breaker at work, its perfect for young  girls who are just learning to manuver a blowdryer,and of course, the price is gReat, at this rate I could go through 3 a year and not spend what I normally would on another............DOWNSIDE is that the cord is short, its just a touch noisier than I would prefer, and I have dropped it once and the seam eria where the blowdryer is put together has come apart a little, BUT ITS STILL RUNNING!! THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT FOR THE MONEY, i WOULD BUY AGAIN!"
Great dryer causing less frizz and easy to use. Relatively lightweight with two good setting. A minute or two on high followed by brief low and shoulder length hair looks Fab!
I like that I can get great results on the medium setting. Found that I only use the hot setting when I am in a rush. But be careful because it's gets really hot.
"This is a good dryer. I gave it 4 stars because it doesn't get as hot as I would like it to, but that's just a personaly thing. Definitely gets hot enough for your hair."
"Arrived when expected and working<br /><br />This feed back im providing is good ,. the package arrived when expected and in good shape"
"Overall a good product.  Has a powerful motor in a very compact form.  No problems installing holder and have had no problems with unit.  There are only 2 settings, 1 low and no heat, and 1 high with heat.  However, my wife says the heat setting is not that warm so factor that in.  If you want real heat, this may not be unit for you."
"I used this hairdryer while on a trip to Ireland.  While it's true that you only get one functioning speed when using the dryer with 240 volts, the speed you have is very powerful.  I stayed at a number of hotels that had dryers available, but in most cases, I used this one instead.  This gave me the convenience of using it anywhere in the room and had more power than those supplied by the hotels.  It is very light weight and compact for packing.  I would definitely recommend this to others who want to be certain they have a functioning hair dryer while in European countries without having to purchase and take the risk of using a convertor.  A plug adapter is still necessary.  A simple turn of a screw using your fingernail changes the dryer from 120-240 volts."
"This hairdryer is a definite upgrade from my old Conair one.  It is fast, and seems to leave my hair nice and shiny. My hair still seems a bit frizzy on top, but that could just be my hair or that fact that I live in a very humid climate.  The volume is pretty good.  I don't know if I would necessarily call it &#34;quiet&#34; though. The weight is also decent, but I would not say it is extremely light or anything. I read on at least one of the other reviews that the power cord was just a regualr plug, but mine was one of those safety kinds.  Overall, it is a great hairdryer for the price!"
"My wife was looking for a small hair dryer that would not to hot. This product was just perfect. It is small but powerful enough to dry hair quickly. It may not be good for someone with alot of hair. It has two speeds, high and low but only one heat temperature. It would be more helpful it had a warm and a hot temperature, but for the price it was well worth it."
"The hairdryer looks elegant, of very light weight.  I used HIGH warm speed to blow dry then used Medium Hot to style my BOB.  I do have some problem though to set the right side of my hair using my left hand.  It is not very intuitive with the design of the shape."
"Powerful! A little heavy, but not bad. I can dry my hair in 10 mins, 15 if I want it to look nice. Definitely a great tool."
"This is definitely a powerful compact dryer.  I took this on a vacation with me, and it fit pretty well in my backpack, where I only traveled with a carry on bag.  There are only two settings, but it gets the job done.  I have used full size blow dryers that don't nearly come close to how powerful of a blast this one provides.  The plastic attachment that comes with it doesn't fit very well, and it easily pops off, but overall this is a great dryer to use for travel or everyday use."
"I needed a dryer with a diffuser attachment to dry my permed hair, so after looking at a bunch of different ones on Amazon I chose this one. I think it's a great dryer for the cost. The diffuser works well and keeps my hair curly without making it too frizzy. It also dried it fairly quickly. I didn't like how long the cold shot button took to work. It would also be nice if it got hotter for the lower setting. Overall, for the price, I think this was a great buy and I'm very happy with it."
"I have to say this hair dryer is a really good product. It arrived when expected. I was very pleased that it contained a template so I would know exactly where to drill the pilot holes for the screws. I admit I had not seen that type of drywall anchor before and had to be extra careful not to knock them to far into the wall, but they worked just fine. My husband and I have been using the dryer for a couple weeks now. Just as other people mentioned, the nightlight is over the top, but I just use the GFI buttons on the plug to shut it it off. I love not having a hair dryer sitting on the counter. The only reason I removed one star is I wish the dryer had lower speed. It does have two speeds, but both are quite powerful. I would not hesitate to order again and probably will for the guest bathroom."
Great but a little on the loud side
"Nice dryer. The setting selection switch on the dryer could be easier to minipulate but other than that, no complaints."
Love it! Small and extremely light-weight but packs a good amount of power.
This hair dryer is as good as all the reviews say it is. It does give off a gross plastic smell when you use it though. If you can get past that then you'll love it.
"One of the greatest features is the retractable cord.  No more having to try to wrap cord for travel. Dryer is better than most hotel dryers.  It is a little heavy for a travel dryer.  However, I feel that the trade off for speed of drying is well worth it."
"I have not yet taken it abroad to try the other voltage, but will in about 2 weeks. That is why I got it, but it does work well here, not too noisy and it's a nice size."
I have been using this blow dryer for about a month now.  It is good for my hair because I have thin hair and it doesn't burn my scalp on high.  If you have thick hair I would recommend another Andis hairdryer.  It does leave my hair nice and smooth.  I really love it.
"Just wish the tube was longer. If your hair is too near the air intake, it sucks it in. Otherwise very good product."
It's fine.  Not much diff between warm and hot settings.  Pretty standard hair dryer.  Dries my hair- that's it.
works well so far.  temp not as warm as I would have expected compared to other manufacturers' products; and the air velocity not as good even with concentrator - but acceptable. 4 not 5 stars.
"Compared with its value, I liked the small size and almost cheap and high quality.<br />Overall I am sure all products Japanese"
"It's soooo tiny, and powerful. It works great so far for it's purpose. The only thing I'd want is a comb attachment...cause you know, natural hair needs to be straightened sometimes. Overall great product, especially for curls"
Good product. Did not have problems so far and work as expected.
As far as I know so far this thing is better than anything my wife has tried before. She loves it.
"I've used it only a couple times, i like it. It gets the job done. Had no problems with packaging or delivery, it arrived fast :)"
"it does a good job with the heat ranges, the only thing I replaced a travel dryer with this and it just seems so big and bulky"
"basically it's good, but you can buy a bigger one at the same price at drug store"
"I used this hair dryer while on vacation and loved it. I like everything about it except, I'd like a longer cord. I especially like the way the cord retracts so you don't have it lying around on the counter. I would definitely recommend it."
"I've used this hair dryer for a week now - it's your average but good ol' Conair product.  I have always liked the Conair brand better than Revlon - they last longer.  The warm setting on this one is only slightly warm so it's easy to have to bump up to hot.  The cord is a little short compared to my last one (Revlon) but it doesn't impede usage at all for me.  The vent/trap is easy to clean and I don't accidentally bump any buttons while using which is nice.  It's not as heavy as I expected based on other reviews - overall happy with my purchase, especially considering the price!"
"At first I was with everyone else on the thing not staying in place and repeatedly falling out. I figured out that it has to be locked. If you twist it hard enough, it locks in place. I can now move freely and don't have to keep still thinking the hose will fall out, cause it won't....So this is a great product. Used it to deep condition my hair and I have no complaints. The brush attachment serves no purpose though, but it did feel good on my scalp when used as a regular brush."
"I purchased two of these (one white and one black) and the night lights they have are plenty bright and look very nice. The problem is that they don't last. The night light in the white one went out on the second day. The night light in the black one went out on the third day. After I drilled the holes to mount them, I didn't really want to bother with the hassle to return them since the hair dryers both work fine.  I'm pretty sure I saw a cheaper version of these without the night light, and that's what I'd recommend. I'm used to a bit more wind from my regular dryer (at three times the size) but these dryers still complete the job in about the same amount of time.  The ones I received DO have the coiled cord, exactly like the picture (some say they received straight cords) and it turns off automatically when you return the dryer to the holder.  My only complaints are the night lights going out (of course) and the fact that you can't remove the dryer from the holder to pack in a suitcase, which is a shame because they are very small and would be great for travel if you could.  All in all I'm happy with the purchase."
"I bought this for my mom and little sister's home, as one of their Christmas gifts this year, because they haven't had a blowdryer in the house for years now. They said they love it, it's a simple blowdryer with a high heat so it dries the hair fast; overall it's easy to use but doesn't come with any special perks. But guaranteed if you don't have one now it's better than what you have!"
"For the money, this hairdryer is hard to beat. I use it for other purposes than drying hair. It's easy to turn on, easy to adjust speed and heat settings. The cord is just the right length, the color is nice, it's just right. I can recommend this product."
"The plastic switch that holds the hard hat up is kind of flimsy. Don't move around too much while you're underneath the hood and you'll be fine. If they can redesign the hood lock on this device, it'd be a five star item, because my roller sets come out swell when using it."
This dryer does its job well and is convenient to use.  They really should consider changing the elastic in the bonnet to a string that is more adjustable. The elastic was so tight that I cut it out and restrung it with a shoelace. There would have been no way I could have fit rollers in it without doing that.
"I've had this hair dryer for about a month, it is very powerfull, I have a lot of hair and this hair dryer dries my hair very very fast"
"I bought this to replace the exact same model that I had for over five years. It is good but not as great as the former model which seem to have a tad more power (needed to dry extremely thick hair) and had a free spinning collar for the cord at the base which kept the cord from getting that spiral twist kinks. It was a great dryer, now downsized to good status. The sound is good, no irritating high pitch, which has been reason for me to return several dryers I have purchased in the past. Despite the loss of a star, it is still the best dryer on the market for thick course hair that seems to take forever to dry."
The style is fine. There are enough heat and power controls for my liking. It is too noisy when you go to the higher speeds. I am still keeping this and not using the higher speeds.
I like the size and sound of this hairdryer - nice and compact on the wall - the first one only lasted 15 months-hope this lasts longer - I have had to replace my hairdryer twice and my husband is still using the first one he ordered which is probably 4-5 years old. Use on daily basis.
This hair dryer is a bit heavy and large but has good power and I really like the retractable cord.
"This is very cheap, and has a lower wattage than most of the dryers on the market.  I needed less power, because I have curly hair and use this on the low setting with a diffuser.  Worth the price, but don't be surprised if it dies after a year or so.  I'm on my 3rd one.  The price is still worth it, though, so I keep buying more."
"This particular dryer is very powerful, yet lighter weight than others I've owned.  It's very easy to handle, has several settings available, and the accessories are easy to attach.  My only criticism is that the concentrator is remains stationary which means I must turn the dryer to direct the flow of air, but it's not a big issue.  Am making a recommendation to the company to make the change."
Great deal. Love it except it is a little heavy.
"A lot of power.  Heavier than some hair dryers that I have previously owned.  Doesn't get as hot as I would like it to, but still styles your hair effectively."
Yes. I like it. I just wish it was even hotter but it IS hot enough. I like the nightlight too. Mounting can be easy depending....
"I bought this for my most recent Eurotrip.  I used it in France, Italy and Spain with no problems (on the higher voltage setting).  It is compact but not as light as I was expecting.  Using this higher setting gives you only one setting option - low.  But the power over there is so strong that it feels more like high.  Even high though isn't that powerful, but gets the job done for basic drying purposes - probably not any fancy styles.  Make sure to set it to high with a screwdriver before you go- I had a heck of a time finding an object equivalent to a flat head screwdriver.<br /><br />In the States, this hair dryer isn't really worth using.  &#34;Low&#34; is like someone blowing out their birthday cake candles and high is like...well...not much more than that.  I will use this as my travel blow dryer only."
The dryer is great; great temperature control too and very quiet. This is very important since I live in an apartment.  My only complaint is that the timer should also be quiet. It is constantly ticking (it's not loud but you notice) when in use so you hear it especially when you're in the dryer. When the dryer is finished it &#34;dings&#34; that it's done and it can startle you if you are not expecting it. I just have to get used to the ticking timer but in general I am very happy with the dryer.
"I initially purchased this to use as a travel blow dryer (mainly for the gym). It turns out, that it works better than the one I keep at home. I have fairly thick hair, and it's gone from chin length to an inch or so below my shoulders since I bought it.     Pros:  -Dries my hair very quickly  -Retractable cord is awesome (don't need to deal with winding it around the dryer)  -Folding handle is awesome as well (takes up less space when storing)  -Not bulky     Cons:  -Very heavy, and thus not very portable which defeats my intended purpose"
"Very powerful on High setting.  Needs a middle setting though.  Rocker switch very hard to move accurately from one setting to another, but maybe that will improve with use.  Shot of cool air feature is helpful and hair dries quickly with smooth finish.  I rarely use my full sized Chi dryer as the size, power and weight make this my go to dryer. That said, I haven't used this for international travel so cannot vouch for other features.  Overall a great value for the price!"
"This hairdryer was exactly what I was looking for:  A simple design that blows forcefully.  It works quickly and my hair looks smooth when I am done.  The hottest setting gets a little too hot if you leave the dryer pointed at your scalp for more than a few seconds, but that's really a pro because it gets good and hot.  It has three heat settings to adjust for comfort."
"This is an exact replacement for our old one. Makes it easy to replace. Our small bathroom has no place on the vanity or drawer for it. Wallmount makes it handy. Clip that holds handle broke, but dryer still worked."
So far so good.  The light weight and speedy dry time help me reduce stress to back and neck muscles.
I purchased this for my daughter when her old drugstore hair dryer expired. She likes it pretty well and said it dries her very long/thick hair pretty quickly.
"This dryer works well. I think the temps are perfect for my hair (very fine). My spouse thinks it's not quite hot enough (thick hair). I love the different fan settings on inner handle. The cool button does not change the fan speed, only the temp. I have had this for a few months now, and it really does a nice job."
"Really comfortable to use because it is lightweight. The settings are great (3 speed and 3 temperature settings). Love that they are slide buttons not push buttons to avoid accidental presses. Heats up your hair, not your hand. Only thing I wish was that the wire was longer - it's plugged into a knee height socket and it's just about long enough for me to stand in front of it and dry my hair without moving from the spot."
"This little dryer is really easy to take on the go.  It gets really hot, which is good for my incredibly thick hair, but it's great to have the cooling button on it.  It is a loud little bugger however!  Anyway, it's a good purchase.  I've used it several dozen times on trips in the States and in Europe and it's served its purpose."
"After a bunch of reviews well read, i choose this hair dryer, i have to say its TOO powerful! that is a good thing i guess, for me it was kind of crazy to manage, i have short and thin hair, it dries my hair so fast and powerful that i have no time to make a style on it.<br />it is dry already with no shape.<br />Maybe for a professional  with better manage of a drier will be Perfect, i am still working on it."
Very nice little blow dryer. I have short hair and it dries my hair in minutes. Both speeds work great and it is light weight.  Only draw back the cord is a little too short. Other than that it is perfect
Blows hot air around<br />But now we really want it<br />Hope it doesn't melt
"Seems to work okay. I haven't really had the chance to try it out yet. I pulled it out of the box and tested it, so for now its okay. The hair dryer and attachments are much smaller than I imagined. Its a normal size hair dryer, however I'm used to a much bigger one by Revlon. Hopefully this one matches up well to the standards of the Revlon products. I figured I couldn't beat the price...."
Works great. Love that it folds. A bit heavy for someone who has to round brush a lot of hair like I do.
So far so good. I've only had this product for about a month now and so far it does what it is suppose to do.
"I wanted a smaller hairdryer to take with me while traveling and this is perfect! I couldn't believe how small it is when folded up. Only reason I haven't given it 5 stars is because I haven't used it yet but for travel purposes, it's well worth the money!"
"This is the second Andis 30130 dryer we have purchased.  The first one only lasted 6 months, Amazons guarantee is for 30 days make sure you send in the warranty if you purchase one of these dryers.  Liked the dryer is the reason we bought a second one."
"The product works great, I saw some reviews saying it is very noisy, I don't have any concern when I use it. The only thing is it is a little bit heavier than I thought, so hold it for a long time will make my arm a little sour. Beside that, it is a very good product with very good price. I will definitely recommend it."
"I needed an inexpensive hairdryer. When it arrived, it was not as large as I thought it would be...that's a good thing when you're tight on storage space. I would say this is a mid-size hairdryer. Not the full gigantic salon-sized version nor the mini travel version. It doesn't seem too noisy when on and the volume of air it blows is pretty decent.<br /><br />The overall construction is as you would expect for the price...a glossy smooth plastic outer shell surrounding the internal heating/electrical/mechanical workings. The switch is easy to manipulate into the desired setting: down for low and up for high. The cool shot button allows the hairdryer to ramp up into the high mode but blow out cool air. The filter cover on the end of the hairdryer is easy to remove by twisting off. I prefer this type of filter cover over the hinged version that you cannot run under the sink for a good cleaning. If you ever rinse the filter cover, make sure it is absolutely dry before putting it back on the hairdryer as water and electricity do not mix! On the topic of electricity, the hairdryer also features a GFCI plug in case your bathroom doesn't have a GFCI outlet. This feature trips the power off to your hairdryer in case it comes into contact with water, preventing electrocution.<br /><br />The weight is decent and lightweight, not too heavy to hold while drying your hair. The handle could be a bit more comfortable, but for the money I cannot complain that much.<br /><br />I don't know about durability, but I think it was a decent purchase and very utilitarian."
"This is my favorite blow dryer ever! It does the job and I love the different parts that you can use from the big tooth, little tooth or brush. Also, You can have it on cool air as well which is different and pretty cool. It works great on my african american 4c hair."
"Wife likes it, so I'm happy. Anything to keep that nag off my back. Loud, which is a good thing, can't hear the ball and chain complaining about the bathroom walls, sink, toilet, mirrors, lights, outlets, shower. Safe, - unfortunately. :~)"
"Always been a conair user and after my original conair blow dryer was torn up by the dog (which I had for 6 years) I chose this one to replace it . So far I'm very happy with it, very strong and lightweight. I don't think it's any louder than a usual blow dryer but it's not quiet either. My only qualm is you can't change the temperature but not a big deal!"
"this dryer dries my hair in about half the time i used to (5 minutes instead of 10), and i am not drenched in sweat after using it. i use it with the diffuser (T3 83807 Tourmaline Diffuser II), on the high setting, and keep it very close to my head. it was pricey but it was a good buy."
Love the look and feel of this hair dryer. A little heavier than I thought it would be but much quieter than my old Conair and I am pleased with the results.  Folds and packs well for travel and I like the retractable cord. Would recommend it.
"Nice hair dryer, I don't have to flip my head upside down to use it."
Have only used it twice but is doing the job.  It is definitely not like the ones they used to build before.  The old styles were more sturdy and strong.  Bought this for my mom who had a Westinghouse model that had been with her for over 30 years and now is when it broke.  But for the price it is all worth it.  I like the fact that you can fold it and close it.
I used it in France for over a year and it works amazing. Unlike the other dryers that my friends used in France with converters this little think held up amazing and kept its power.
I love this hair dryer! My hair is soft and shine and the high heat is not so hot that it damages my fine hair. The only reason I did not give it a 5 star is because the cord is really short.
Have no complaints other then it's a bit heavy and the attachments seem to slip off easily.  It works well and dries my hair without all the damage of a regular dryer.  This is a salon quality dryer for a great price..I would recommend it!
"This is a nice dryer.  It dries hair in about half the time as others I have used.  It would have been really nice if it had come with a diffuser though.  I can't find a diffuser that fits this, so I have not gotten to use it on myself yet.  But it dries my nieces hair much faster than other dryers."
"My husband has used the same travel hair dryer for 15 years and had a new dryer on his wish list.  He wanted a small, easy-to-carry dryer.  Searched Amazon and found the perfect gift for him."
"This is perfect to keep your bathroom working area free for other things,good power, no more storage problems!!  Purchased another one for guest bathroom...."
"I have long hair, and for the price, it does a good job. The only drawback is that I feel the vibration more so than from other hair dryers. Worth what it cost though."
I received my Conair Hair Dryer and I love it. I had many other Conair dryer's in the past and i find this one is a sure bet. Those flexible ones just don't do the trick for me anymore. I like that it's sturdy and it blows really well.
"This hair dryer is really quiet compared to what I'm used to, which is great.  It dries my hair quickly but hasn't over dried it (I have really fine hair).  It's also pretty light compared to my last hair dryer.  The only issue I have with it is I sometimes accidentally hit the off button or the temperature setting as I'm using it.  These buttons are located on the side of the handle and if you're not careful you can easily switch your settings or shut off your dryer.  Since this is only a minor inconvenience I gave it four stars because other than what I just mentioned, this hair dryer works great!"
"It is great for a travel blow dryer.  Powerful enough to get the job done, but because it does not put out as wide of a path of hot air as my big hair dryer it does not do the job quite as quickly and evenly as it.  The color is a metallic purpley pink.  I did receive the zebra bag and attachments with it too.  If traveling internationally be sure to read and follow the instructions or you could fry it."
I bought this for my upcoming overseas trip to Paris as this blowdryer was cheap and fit my criteria of being dula voltage with ceramic technology. I have average hair that does get pretty wavy (sometimes looks like I took it out of a braid) Plugged it in and it started right up here in California. Will probably use this blow dryer more instead of straightening my hair.<br /><br />Pros: Works well<br />Leaves my hair smooth and frizz free<br />Retractable cord is convenient<br />Speed and heat settings<br />Folding handle<br />Switch to switch over to different voltage is easy to find<br /><br />Cons: Haven't found any lol<br /><br />It is a bit heavier then my other blowdryer but nothing that I would complain about. Will update this once I use it in Paris. I did read in the manual that when used in the 210-250V areas the settings have to be kept on Low and on Hot but we'll see if it is an issue.
"Conair 124TL Folding Handle 1875-Watt Dryer great item, Fast drying. great colors. I do have several other dryers that I end up giving away or trash them they are way to big and heavy, so this is just right"
"I purchased this hairdryer after the last one (which was just like this one died.)  I love that it is a wall mount and is out of the way and not a hairdryer laying on the counter.  I also like that it is quieter than most hairdryers.  It is not a &#34;Turbo&#34; type dryer.  I have shorter hair so it is works well but if I had really long hair I might would consider a stronger one.  I also like the night light on it.  It is not a really bright light, but just enough to shed light to walk into the bathroom without bumping into things and not have to turn a light on."
"Let's face it, I really just bought this because it looked like the manliest looking hairdryer out there.<br />But I will say, my hair is nice and soft and much easier to hold its style. I've even used it for manly tasks such as drying primer, and glue."
"I'm not sure if this hair dryer actually dries my hair any faster but, it sure makes it shinier.  I also love the shape & placement of the cool button which I use to set the volume."
"This drys my long hair in no time at all. I only use the medium setting because the full blast air actually blows it around so much it gets tangled. Overall it has a very nice design, works really well, and I'm glad I bought it."
"I spent more money on this dryer than I have any other before. Was it worth the price? I don't think so.<br /><br />It is a decent dryer....super fast drying...so if you have thick hair, you'll love it. My problem is I have thin, fine hair and I'd prefer a lower setting. I can use the &#34;Scalp setting&#34; but even that is a bit powerful. I like a lower setting to style my hair better. This just blows it in all directions. I don't see that much difference to be honest in the end result as I get with any other dryer.<br /><br />I won't send it back...does the job but I still like my old dryer best which is no longer made."
"I used this dryer for four days while staying at a Hyatt hotel. I was immediately impressed by how powerfully and quickly it dried my hair.  The retractable cord was an instant hit with me as well; the cord on my current dryer is presently tangled up all over my bathroom sink.<br /><br />It is a bit heavy and bulky (I wasn't aware that it folded).<br /><br />I wasn't in the market for a dryer, but I liked this one enough after my hotel test-drive that I will be purchasing one immediately!<br /><br />Update Nov 2012: So, I've used this daily for a year. A good dryer, I must admit I don't find anything particularly different about this Ionic dryer as compared to other dryers (e.g., I can't say my hair is shinier or more manageable). Still, a good, but heavy, dryer. I'm still enjoying that retractable cord!"
"My wife purchased this hair dryer after reading so many positive reviews.  It's still going strong a year later, but she complains her fingers get in the way of the buttons on the handle, turning the hair dryer off while she is trying to dry her hair."
"I like this dryer, it's light & does what it's suppose to. The only issue I have<br />is it doesn't get as hot as my last dryer - It's not by any means cold - just a little<br />less warm that what I would Ideally like. But, it works very well for the price."
"Good  hair dryer, I have to get used to the rectangle shape of it  rather than being round, it's a little bigger than I would like but works great and has 3 heat settings, and 3 comb attachment - Didn't care for the comb too much."
"after washing your hands with this soap. Even though I rinse my hands thoroughly, they sill feel really soft and velvety after drying. In the couple weeks since switching to this soap my hands have never felt better. I have somewhat dry skin and most soaps really irritate my skin and I try to rinse well to prevent itchiness. I've found that not only do I not have to rinse very long but I rarely get itchy anymore and I love the smell of tea tree oils, which was what persuaded me to get this to begin with."
"I have owned several wall mount dryers and they seem to be chintzy - overly small and too hot, way too hot to dry my kids' hair.  This one is a bit bigger, feels great in the hand and has a little switch you can set to make it run either warm or hot.  My kids no longer scream and yell when I dry their hair.  It has plenty of power and it looks good too.  The only drawbacks are the length of the cord (could be a tad longer), and the back vent sometimes pulls a hair or two - neither are deal breakers.  I'm very happy with this dryer."
"My wife has an abundant, curly head of hair, and when her dryer took its last breath, I looked for a replacement with both ionic and heat sink (ceramic) qualities to efficiently dry her hair without damaging it.  Because of size and weight, it's not well-suited for travel, and the retractable cord does not fully retract, but from reviews I've read, this type of mechanism is problematic more often than not - you just live with the fickle function when you choose a model with both a retractable cord and a folding handle.  That said, pumpkin seems content with her new dryer."
"I bought this to replace a very compact size that burned out. I mistakenly thought the larger size would mean this new one would be more powerful, but it was not. It does seem to work fine though and I probably shouldn't deduct a star for my misgivings, but I don't love it."
"This hairdryer is very compact, great for travelling, and the best part is that it actually works despite its small size! Plenty of pressure and heat to get the job done. The only downside is that it does not come with attachments like a diffuser, which I typically like to use."
I love this hair dryer.  It is very quiet but strong.  It puts out an amazing amount of heat.  The only negative thing I can say is that the buttons are right where my fingers are and sometimes I shut it off.
The power of the dryer seems less than I would have thought.  Still nice.
This is much lighter than the older model I had and love the different speeds and power.
installation was easy. Have not used it yet. Not too big or bulky.
It dries hair quickly and it's not to loud.
who does not need a blow dryer to dry ones hair. it is an okay blow dryer. it will suffice for now.
Still going strong and I use it daily
"A very good value for the money.  The on/off switch is a little hard for arthritic hands to use, but not a deal breaker.  Dries my wifes curly hair very quickly."
"I have used this hairdryer many times in many hotel and have always been pleased.<br />It's comfortable, looks sharp, and has different settings.<br />I bought 1 for each bathroom in my new home - near the beach.  Family and friends will have the<br />convenience of not having to travel with a hairdryer."
This one doesn't seem as powerful as the previous one I owned but it is just as well - my previous one would sometimes burn my scalp it was so hot! Great product.
Got this for an upcoming trip in Europe and picked this for the dual voltage switch without spending a lot. Testing at home on American voltage and it is super powerful! A bit on the loud side but great for the price. Wonder if it will have the same quick drying on 240v - they usually only work on low setting when you flip the voltage.
Good hair dryer. It can make your hair more straight but its kinda heavy compared to other hair dryers.
I have only used it once but it was quiet. Didn't feel too hot or blow too forcefully. I still had to use a curling iron briefly to curl short hair which slipped through. Dried hair in good time (I have a bob). I liked the reviews it got and was from Japan. Took  a while to figure out some pictures which were not explained on the English page. I am happy with it.
"This dryer has good power & my hair comes out good (thin straight hair). It's a bit heavy so it wouldn't be good for someone with gripping or strength concerns. The on/off and heat buttons are not placed well. I accidentally turn the dryer off several times while I'm drying my hair, but that is only a minor inconvenience."
"This definitely cuts down your drying time and it leaves your hair soft & friz free. The only thing I would change is making the prongs on the diffuser longer to work better.  Other than that,  it's perfect."
"Yea I can agree with everyone's review about how it is heavier than most dryers. It is also much louder too. Compared to my old dryer, it sounds like somebody's going through my house with damn leaf blower. They should have 3 speeds on that thing because it doesn't just sound like a leaf blower, it feels like one too. The low on this dryer is my old dryers high. It does do the job when it comes to getting your hair dry fast though! : )"
"For the price, this has been a good hairdryer.  I was considering much more expensive dryers when I saw reviews for this one.  It has great heat control, very cool/warm/very hot.  I accidentally change the setting with my fingers like other reviewers, but not a big deal.  So far, I like it."
"I received the product on time. No problems are noted so far. I mainly use it for deep conditioning and to speed up the drying process of twist outs. Recently I used the brush attachment to blow out my hair. I used both high and low settings. It worked amazingly. If your a natural, you definitely should own this product. It has surely put some smiles on my face!"
"This is a good addition to a bath room. Especially for short to medium length hair.Haven't tried it on very long hair.Not too noisy, easy to handle. Plenty of drying power.E-Z mounting to wall.  Bargain at this price."
The first one broke down before I thought it should but I love the compactness on the wall and night light and the two speeds r just right for me.  This is my second.
"So far so good. No complaints as such. The only hassle is the grey plastic knob which is used to increase the heat of the hot air which seems very fragile to work with. Otherwise, no issues with the dryer. Works good. Easy operation and very simple!"
The dryer works great. Bought this as a present for my wife. Had a rough time assembling it b/c the screws supplied didn't fit or screw nicely in the holes provided for the base. I quick trip to the hardware store to buy some better fitting screws seemed to do the trick nicely.<br />Other than that everything was as expected.
Nice little unit but it will fry your body parts if you're not careful.  Very powerful.
"Nice size & low temp is quiet but high is still very loud. Got it b/c comb attachment which stayed on for the most part except for once but I have kinky natural hair, use it to do blow out styles"
"This blow dryer replaced the ancient one I had been using for the last 5 years, so surpassing my standards may not have been too difficult.<br /><br />It takes about 6 minutes to blow my long, medium thickness hair dry, which seems very quick to me! And the volume is such that I can have a conversation with raised voice while blowing my hair dry.<br /><br />Overall very satisfied!  Hopefully it lasts beyond this first month of ownership."
"Green is my favorite color and I love them as nail polishes. Who the Shrek are you is a very unique color that you won't find anywhere else.<br />The application was OK but not great: i thought the polish was a little thin and I had to use 3 coats.<br />However, I first fell in love with this color when i got it for a manicure (picture included) and I only had 2 coats on.<br />You will not regret having this color in your closet, it is perfect for summer!"
"Looks sharp hanging up.  Small and compact and has good blowing action.  Only fault is that it only has two speeds and the heat setting is governed by the blower speed, but that is minor.  Would be nice to have a cool shot too.  The cord hangup tab is a good idea to keep the cord out of the way.  The dryer fits into the receiver fine, but it seems that it could be anchored into the holder a little better as it feels like it might fall out if bumped.  It hasn't yet, so it might just be my imagination."
"its slightly big, but not heavy that its aches my hand of anything. the ionic technology completely renders my hair soft and smooth. never going back to normal hair dryer again!!! just discovered this, have to buy travel size as well. but this product is good."
I have had a dublduck blower for over 30 yrs...........looks very similar to this one. Still works; however one day it will stop and I wanted something reasonably priced that will fit the bill............so far this one is. But I rather doubt it will have the longevity my original one has had! WOW
"This is a great dryer, but its a little too heavy. It dries very quickly and does not harm hair."
"I love the folding handle, retractable cord and compact design. However, mine was a rare anomaly because it overheated and the opening started to contort slightly like it was melting. Had to return, but I will buy another one, because I don't think this was the norm."
"Works fine. Okay for traveling. I expected it to be quite a bit smaller. This is a full sized, professional sort of dryer..."
"This little tin full of solid perfume arrived quickly, is packaged nicely, is really handy for purse or gym bag. It smells great. My only wish is that smell would last longer--I was hoping a solid perfume could do so. After about 1/2 hour the smell is gone."
"Too small for rollers, but great for conditioning, gloss, semi-permanent color, etc.  bonnet is the size of 3-layer cake.  Short hose, but that saves fan power and weight.  Consider spending more if planning regular use."
"Hair dryer is very suitable for my fine, short and not very thick hair. I used it on the lowest setting and it felt just right: gentle and not extremely hot. I also liked its comb attachment: it helped me dry hair faster.<br />Comparing this dryer to my older Philips (I moved so I had to leave it in another country), I must note that this dryer provides weaker blow. I think it is because of much bigger output vent.<br />Minus 1 star because there is no ceramic heating element - just wires."
"Works great.  I have very long and thick hair, it used to take up to an hour to dry my hair with my old dryer.  This is fast and works great."
Great little drier. Heats up quickly and blows hard. I wish it had an attchment to direct the air better.
Ive had this blow dryer for a little while now maybe a month... great temp and powerful but it whistles and rattles as if something is loose inside...
"Worked great for a while. Tip of blow dryer broke off in first month, had to crazy glue it back on. Just died about a year later, no heat. It was a great price just wished it lasted longer."
"Love it. Perfect for travelling! I used this when I went to Norway last spring. Not only did it work well with the converter, it was also very high powered for such a small dryer."
"I bought this to replace and supplement a 1980s version of these compact hairdryers after trying one that advertised as &#34;compact&#34; but really only featured a folding handle that was prone to folding while in use! This one is the nice true compact type I like.  It also has decent quality of wire (some of that cheap wire nowadays hardly bends), and the cord is a generous 6 feet. The long cord is also a big selling point since a lot of the newer dryers have 4 foot cords.  I cannot comment on the international power settings since this will probably only be used in North America.  It does have 2 separate blowing speeds. The high speed is good, but my older dryer is just a little more powerful.  However, this one is good enough and the controls are set up for easy one-handed usage, with high, then &#34;off&#34; then &#34;low&#34; all on one simple power button. My hands are arthritic and this is much easier button placement than having the buttons on the front of the handle.  Also has a hanging loop as shown in the photo and I will be using that rather than folding the cord up after each use to store it.  Overall, this feels like a high quality product and over the past month or so I have used it, has been excellent.  I would buy it again, and no stupid folding handle to try and get &#34;compact&#34; rating."
"Great so far. Very lightweight. Not hard to use, simple basic dryer,"
The real product is bigger than I expected but it does make your hair look better comparing with other regular dryers. And I love the color!!!
"We had been using a Windmere hair dryer, which my husband owned prior to our marriage twelve years ago, that finally bit the dust.  My husband was looking for a hair dryer with side vents vs the rear vent.  We purchased this sporty, red model - and, so far, have been pleased with its performance.  Features a low/high speed cool setting which is slightly warm, and a low/high speed high heat setting - which I have rarely used - the cool setting is enough for us.  The only improvement we would suggest is in the way the switches are set up. Dries my medium-length hair quickly.  I would recommend this product to others."
It's nice. I usually use it for deep conditions or if i'm doing dreads on someone else I will put them under when I'm done re-twisting. It's handy to have in the house for situations like that. I've never had issues with it and I've had it about 5 months. I wish I had time to use it for different styles on myself but i'm sure it would work for a plethora of different things.
I really ordered this for the price and color.  I was very surprised to realize how hot it gets.<br />I never use the highest heat setting. I don't think I could stand it!<br />This dryer gets hot and very rapidly. I don't feel the need to go above the medium setting.<br />Don't want to trip a circuit or melt it.  Pretty powerful!
Powerful hair dryer--adding volume to your hair. The hot mode could be super hot so you get to be careful.
"This is absolutely the best thing I've ever brought on Amazon and I've brought a lot of stuff. The only reason why I gave it 3 stars is because it takes a little longer to dry my hair than the salon but I will take that extra 30 mins saving $60 a week going to the salon. I have Malaysian hair sew in, I usually go to the salon every week for a roller wrap or some wand curls but I will never ever go back to the salon again unless I'm going for a sew in. My curls come out so bouncy and pretty. I look like I just stepped out of a salon. The dryer was easy to assemble and it's better being in the comfort of my own home"
"it have  a little flaws on the surface, but does not affect me to use it. nice shipping, i will come again"
Hot but not too hot.  Lightweight.  Compact.  Only flaw- would like more focused air stream.  Otherwise...just right.  Hope it has a long life.
"The accent parts are pink..a light &#34;princess&#34; pink...something that is not totally obvious on a mobile screen. Not a big deal, but I would prefer white or black. Hair dryer has a good weight to it and it feels solidly built. Hot/cold function works fine. I would like a bit more volume to the air, something that all newer hair driers seem to lack. I have one from 1991 that is like a tornado on its highest setting."
"Does a great job drying but it is loud and heavy compared to what I'm used to. I thought my old dryer was loud and wanted something quieter this time around. Believe me when I say this is louder than most dryers! Also, I thought the nozzle on it was long so I have to hold the dryer farther away than with my older dryer. It takes some getting used to."
"Nice and compact. It's a bit noisy, but I think that's a function of its size. The cord and plug are not as large as some, so it's footprint is small, which is exactly what I was looking for to travel to the UK. It's not lighter than my larger one but it will work just fine."
Very powerful and the low heat setting is definitely low heat... most blow dryers low setting seems to be more hot than low.
"Some people described this as being very light. I would say it's normal. It doesn't put out a ton of air and it doesn't feel very hot, but it somehow gets my hair dry as fast as my old hair dryer, and that's all I care about."
"Overall, I like the dryer. The only thing I don't like is that they have changed the design. The newer design is much wider on the wall and it doesn't fit in the same screw holes so you have to drill more holes in the wall!"
"It was powerful as advertised and according to reviewers.  I realize the faster the fan, the more it dilutes the heat from the heating coils, but it could be a little warmer.  I'd still recommend it though."
good unit . a little pricey but i was replacing a 7 or 8 year old like unit so i did not want to change unit or mounting system.
"I had a more expensive ceramic hair dryer but after taking it apart to clean hair out of it I couldn't get it back together quite right.  So I bought this one.  I like it because it's much lighter in weight but I'm also worried that that means it's cheaper quality!  But so far so good.  It blows plenty of hair and gets plenty hot, but this is a good thing as long as you keep it moving.  If you want to aim it at one part of your head without moving it, just turn the heat level down a bit."
"Seems like it's of good quality. Low setting takes too long to dry long hair. Definitely would be better without the night light, or if there was a switch to turn the light off."
"It doesn't feel cheap and I like how the top is long enough that my hair (I have mid-length hair) doesn't get sucked into the back of it where the fan is. Buttons are easy to work with, better than those you have slide up and down."
"Thought it would be more compact, for traveling. Just a little big but okay"
"I used amazon prime and got this pretty fast. I haven't used it as yet but I did test the item and it works seemingly well... The barrel of the blowdryer works pretty well and the force of the air blown was great. However while inspecting this item it has scuff marks on the &#34;concentrator&#34; as if it had been used before or before being shipped. Not sure if it will lessen in terms of the force of the air over a period of time but we'll see. Also at the back of the dryer there was a removable backing that allows for cleaning if the air vent gets clog, which I didn't expect and it was a pleasant supprise. The &#34;concentrator&#34; also takes quite a bit of strength to put on. (Twisting it on doesn't make much sense so I'd recommend lining it up and the pushing it down on the barrel)...My intial review however is 4stars. I will be doing an update within the next month.."
I wanted to dry my hair all over without having to hold the dryer!  I wanted the old timey kind and this sort of fits the bill.  The plastic casing is more fragile than the old ones but it gets the job done.
"great blowdryer, but the cap to put on the front part of the dryer, kept falling off from putting it down and up in my sink, while blowdrying my hair. i fixed this by gently putting it on a flat surface, resting it on the red circle grip. sucks i have to do this, but it is best blowdryer i ever owned"
I love this powerful little dryer but the one drawback is the warm setting can only be used on low.
Heavy. It was advertised as light weight but its not really. It is not the heaviest blow dryer but still i was a llittle surprised at the weight. Other than that it is excellent my daughter's hair is soft wavy and frizzy and long. It takes a lot to straighten it out but this dryer left her hair soft and straight with a wonderful shine to it. I would and have recommend this to others.
"Bought this for my daughter. Delivered as promised. So far (about 1 month later) working fine. She is extremely happy with the product. The only minor issue I see is that there is no base to secure it on the wall. It does have a loop, so I had to install a small hook on the wall to hang it from."
"This is a cute hair dryer and my 2-year old daughter loves it because it's pink and has a kitty on it.  Would be nice if it had a cooler setting on it.  My daughter cries sometimes because it's too hot.  All in all, a good buy because the gimmick of a pink hair dryer got her to dry her hair with it when she wouldn't let me dry it with my hair dryer."
"I've been using this dryer 3-4 times a week for about 3 months now.  The Infiniti is quieter, smaller (about 6&#34; high and 5 戮&#34; long) and lighter in weight than my old dryer, all reasons why I picked the Infiniti.  This dryer is so light-weight that it feels cheap, but so far seems to be working like a champ.<br />  This is my first tourmaline ceramic dryer, and it does seem to leave my hair smoother, but not enough that I'd be willing to toss my flat-iron.  I have thinner hair, about mid length between chin and shoulder, and I am able to dry it pretty quickly with the Infiniti.<br />  I'm a satisfied customer :)"
"My only frustration is this blow dryer is LOUD.  My four year old now shuts his door just to avoid the noise this dryer produces.  I used to have a T3 Tourmeline dryer which was good but it'd just run it's course.  I wasn't in LOVE with it so thought I would try what many reviewers claimed was a very professional dryer for a reasonable price.  I also wish it had a medium blow setting as well, as there is a really dramatic difference between the low and high and I have to be diligent to be sure the high setting doesn't make my curls frizzy.  I will keep it, but just two things I wish I had known."
"I had high hopes for this blow dryer.  Considering the high price and great reviews, I expected much more.  Some said it cut drying time in half, but I didn't find this to be true.  It works great, but I don't see any difference in my hair.  It's kind of heavy and it took a little getting used to as far as the different balance of the weight.  I don't think I would pay this much for my next hair dryer."
After spending some nights in motels with wall mounted hair dryers I wanted one. Sunbeam seemed the most popular and best. So I bought this one.<br /><br />Minor complaints:<br />  *  Power cord to outlet is too short for my situation. I live in an apartment. Outlet is on one side of the hand towel rack; I had to mount it on the other side so the cord is flopping at a diagonal under the towels. I wanted to mount the dryer higher but the cord wouldn't reach.<br />  *  I also use the dryer to other parts of my body due to psoriasis which is aggravated by moisture and  my feet which are prone to moisture related problems and the cord between the base and the dryer makes doing this awkward.<br />  *  Night light is OK doesn't affect my sleep. But if I had known it was available without the night light I would have bought that instead.
"bought for my 11-year old daughter, she loves it.  the price was just right, and it's simple to use. Pretty decent power, and the cold shot button works great without losing power (like some I have owned).  Would recommend as a great basic hair dryer."
works very well
Seems to work. Don't use it much.
Works well and is very portable.
Works very well. Just got it about 3 months ago and have been traveling with it with a converter and it is still working well and doesn't leave my hair too frizzy.
"The hair dryer does well with my thick hair. good in the hand, the cord is a bit forceful. At times I have to pull it out again to get it to retract fully but this could be attributed to independent factors (angle of handle when activating cord keeper).  Fantastic for saving space."
"Great dryer, relatively quite, but heavy."
"Does it's job nicely.  I dropped one star because the dryer I had before did it's job but was smaller, lighter weight, and the hairdryer never got too warm to put away immediately after use.  This one needs to be turned off and left sit for a few minutes."
"Love this hair dryer, but the handle area turned pink within about 2 weeks of using it."
Arrived as expected. Satisfied.
I receive it well thanks
Great dryer. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a bit heavy.
Works very well and I would recommend this product to a friend.
"The 3 speeds and 3 heat settings are nice. the  low was quiet to use. a bit &#34;heavy&#34;,but like the 3 heat."
I am using the dryer in my vacation rental unit and it is a real winner for my renters.
"This does not hurt your hair. Very well suited for daily use, If you are looking for any specific style dryiers, this is the best one for everyday use."
I like having the dryer on my wall instead of my dresser. It is not as powerful as my old dryer so takes a minute longer but I do like it.
"Nice dryer and so far it's working great.  Still not sure how long it'll last but I'm hopeful that it'll still be working when my kids are sorting through my stuff and asking themselves, &#34;What the heck was he using this thing for?&#34;"
"The dryer is nicely  compact when it's folded. I like the retractable cord, which makes it even easier to store or travel with. My only complaint is that there's only one switch for &#34;Low, Medium, High&#34;. I would prefer if it had separate temperature and speed controls. I went with this rather than another compact dryer with those controls because of the good reviews. I can say that this is really well built."
"I picked this up to use on heatshrink wrap. It didn't work as I expected, but it does work well on drying hair.  The build quality is questionable at best, I feel like this should be a bit heavier, but its really light and I feel like I could break it if I held it any tighter."
This is a HAIRDRYER!  It does not get too hot on the hot setting bit it dries my hair in five minutes.  My old dryer used to take 20 minutes.
"I bought this hair dryer in January of 2010 and it's been just great.  However, let me warn you that if it starts to make a low metallic or grinding noise, stop using it!  I tried it once more after hearing that and the thing started vibrating wildly and made a terrible noise as if it were about to fly apart in my hand.  I unplugged it just in time.  Maybe you won't have this problem if yours doesn't see much travel. Mine was in and out of suitcases so that may have contributed."
Wow - so lightweight. It's unbelievably efficient. If it only had a cool setting it would be perfect.<br />Still - it comes close. Great price.
"Smells great! Goes very well with like daytime and casual stuff. Only thing I have against it is that its refreshing smell reminds me of soap, like it is made by Irish Spring."
"but it is not as compact as it seems.<br />I wanted to replace my huge hairdryer with something<br />smaller and this ended up being the same size as the one I had.<br />Also, it's Ionic and supposed to not leave your hair frizzy but<br />I did not notice any difference."
"I am happy with this blowdryer overall. I like the smooth coating and the light weightiness that allows it easy handling.<br />A couple things that do bother me; the attachment comes off easily, I knock it off at least once during my blow dry session. I'm also not cool with the cool button, it is easy to press and I end up cooling my hair off when I don't mean to."
"I have never owned an professional hairdryer. Mine are usually fairly cheap (under $25). That  being said, this is the best I have seen in it's price range. The attachments fit without being whipped across the room for no reason like my others and it dries hair twice as fast as my previous. I don't have as many split ends either. For durability it has held up fairly well being used at least once daily by a complete klutz who drops things. Never any damage, cracking, or peeling. It is also quite pretty! Some say it is heavy in the reviews. While I was used to a lighter one, I only noticed a weight difference the first few times before it seemed normal to me. The only issue I have had with it is that my long hair will sometimes get sucked in the back. I have learned to keep it held higher. And since it is slightly heavier than my last I guess I get a light work out while doing so, lol. Overall a very good hair dryer and I would recommend."
"This is a simple and effective dryer for those who are space-conscious and don't want any frills.  The low setting is only useful for people with short hair as it is little more than a breeze (which works pretty well for my hair).  The high setting is powerful and would dry anything but a wookie in a fairly short time.  Great for travel as it is light and compact.  It does make a good bit of noise on high.    Not perfect, but definitely worth the price!"
"Make sure you have a lot of time before you apply. Be sure to exfoliate, apply lotion to dry areas, and wear gloves. Only apply a small amount at a time, so you don't end up with streaks. If you take your time & do it right, you will love the natural tan results!"
"Great Hairdryer, affordable price, delivery was quick, like the packaging and the extra hair drying tips you get by email. Wishing it had a little bit more power in the cool blast but no big deal. Im pleased that I bought this product to replace my old hairdryer which took 20mins to dry my hair, happy to say it has cut the timing of drying my long hair down to 8minutes and leaves my hair smooth enough not to use the GHD hair irons. Only major downside is that it is quite noisy."
"This is a good product.  I've been using it for a month.  It installed well and is easy to use.  I knew when I bought it that it only had high heat and low heat settings, but I've been surprised by how much I've missed having a cool/air only option.  If they had a version with that feature, I would give it five stars."
"I bought this after my Chi broke and I read the amazon reviews that recommended this dryer as very reliable.  Yes, it is reliable and it works well but I really prefer the ionic dryers as opposed to the high pressure for drying hair.  It dries quickly (like ionic)but does not leave my hair and smooth, soft and shiny as the Chi (did I mention that it broke after 6 months???).  So, I am keeping this for awhile but next time I get a gift card or am feeling like I want to treat myself, I might get an ionic dryer and give this one to my sister."
Love this blow dryer.  I have naturally curly hair and it often gets frizzy after I blow dry it but I can see a difference when I used this hair dryer.  Not perfect but definitely better.  Someone mentioned how quiet it is and I absolutely agree.  The first time I used it my husband commented on how quiet that hair dryer was.  Great blow dryer.  Try it you will like it!
"I bought this dryer based on the user reviews and am very pleased. It has a lot of drying power. It's light. It's quiet. It's nicely balanced. It's not necessary to grip the handle to hold the dryer. It will balance in the crook of your left thumb, so your hand and arm won't get tired from holding it. I can't say for certain, since I don't have carpal tunnel syndrome, but this may be a great dryer for people who suffer from it since there's no need to clinch a fist to hold it. Though I was at first disappointed that I can't remove the screens to clean them (and will need to do it with the vacuum cleaner) I later decided that for price and performance, this is a pretty great dryer."
"This is the first blow dryer I've ever had. It's simple and pretty effective. I gave it 4/5 stars because I was a little confused with how to make it work. Great for the price. It has only two settings, low and high. I've used the low setting only. I wish it had had a better explanation for how to make it start working. Otherwise, it's great, no complaints."
"I am a cosmetologist of just about a decade. The main reason that I purchased this dryer was its price, practicality and its brand. Andis is one of the leaders in professional clippers in the hair industry, so I figured that I would give this dryer a shot. I have fine/normal curly just to about the ears, and this dryer gets it QUITE straight.I must admit that the &#34;high velocity&#34; air speed is not there, however, The HEAT is REALLY intense. As a professional, if I had to compare this to a standard salon dryer, performance wise, I would say that it acts a lot like the original Chi dryers, low speed, INTENSE heat, with ionic coating to break water molecules up faster. Now, that being said, if someone wants a dryer that really BLOWS the water out of the hair, I would recommend, concerning affordability and professional performance, the Babyliss 2800,  not that weighty and TRULY cuts drying time, in half, has a 3 year warranty AND Amazon sells it for half the retail price .<br /><br />This little Andis dryer works great for hair shorter than top of the shoulders, if you have really thick/curly or long hair, I would recommend use a T parting in your hair (draw a straight line with a wide toothed comb from the center of your eyebrows, to the back of your neck and comb each section down, from the very top of your head, draw a line from ear to ear to make a lower case 't' on your head) and do your hair in quadrants, (clipping them with butterfly clamps helps to keep other sections out of your way) 3-5 min extra prep time, but works WONDERS for straightening effectively, and saves you time in the end.<br /><br />This dryer does exactly what it says, it 'styles' hair, quite nicely might I add.The attachments are better than other vertical dryers that I have owned.The brush attachment is boar bristle, which allows one to naturally distribute oil through the hair, which is essential to a less frizzy and smoother blow dry. For those who have coarse, thick,tightly curled, or all of the above, use the comb attachment that best suits you, and use the brush to set and smooth it in the direction that you would like it to go, this will 'mold' your hair. Air cool the section that you are working on,The cool shot button on ANY dryer is almost useless, takes too long to cool, by the time it does, the section that you are working on is practically almost ready and is 'set'.<br />Overall, this is a four star dryer, it comes with a FIVE year warranty, it's very hot, and it is great for people (like me) who suffer from carp-tunnel and arthritis in their hands. At under twenty dollars, this is a great deal, it is nearly impossible to find one locally at that price, especially with a professional brand backing it. Thanks again Amazon, I find SO much great stuff here!r all of the above, use the comb attachment that best suits you, and use the brush to set and smooth it in the direction that you would like it to go, this will 'mold' your hair. Air cool the section that you are working on,The cool shot button on ANY dryer is almost useless, takes too long to cool, by the time it does, the section that you are working on is practically almost ready and is 'set'.<br />Overall, this is a four star dryer, it comes with a FIVE year warranty, it's very hot, and it is great for people (like me) who suffer from carp-tunnel and arthritis in their hands. At under twenty dollars, this is a great deal, it is nearly impossible to find one locally at that price, especially with a professional brand backing it. Thanks again Amazon, I find SO much great stuff here!"
I like this style of hair dryers. The cord does retract as it should but leaves a good 18 inches hanging. The dryer does not seem to blow very hot air compared to my previous dryer. The settings just seem to adjust the speed of the fan. I still manage to get my hair dry and perhaps the cooler temperature will prevent me from damaging my hair.
"I was honestly not expecting that much from this blowdryer due to its low cost, but I am happy to report that I really underestimated it.  It is lightweight, has a reasonably powerful motor, and a good range of power and temperature selections.  I also like that it features tourmaline ceramic as this really does help to smooth my hair.  The lint filter on the back is also very easy to clean, which is important.  I've burned out several blowdryers due to clogged air intake, but I know it won't happen with this one as the lint is so easy to remove.  The only reason I'm giving this blowdryer four stars instead of five is because it is not QUITE as powerful as others I've used, which adds a little extra time to my blowdrying, maybe a couple of minutes.  It really is a nice blowdryer overall and a terrific value."
"I like it. It looks cool attached to my bathroom mirror.  I can round brush my hair much, much easier, leaving my coif full and shiny!"
"I have long hair and I'm always in a hurry so when I saw this has twin fans, I bought it.  It really does the drying fast!  It's not too loud & the sound doesn't bother me like some dryers do.  It is a bit heavy but other than that, I'm very happy with it."
"This hairdryer is relatively quiet. However, the cord does not retract all the way that it should. I have had other retractable hair dryers that did not have a problem retracting (until I broke off the button...) It's better than not retracting, but there's a good 8 inches left after its retracted.  ________________  Jan 2011  The hairdryer died on me.  Most hairdryers will last a couple years. This only lasted 7 months."
My last penlet died pretty quickly. This one seems a lot more solid and has been working great. I hope it lasts a long time. I don't want to have to be buying a new one every few months.
"Excellent travel dryer for our European trip.  The only downside is that when used with higher voltage you can only use one setting.  The low setting is high at 220V, but it worked well for our purposes.  I recommend this highly."
"I had read the reviews saying this blow dryer was small, yet powerful.  I had a little chuckle when I opened the box - it reminded me exactly of a blow dryer that Barbie would own and even comes with it's own zebra bag for storage.  I am very impressed at how well it works.  I travel for vacation at least once a year and am never that impressed with the blow dryers the hotels provide.  I have very thick wavy hair that takes a good 10-15 minutes to blow dry with a decent dryer.  This little dryer is comparable with my full size blow dryer, if not better.  I would definitely recommend it for travel.  I have not yet used the attachments so I cannot comment on them, however I did use the bag for added storage of my hair brush and hair accessories."
"I bought this product because it was highly rated by Good Housekeeping as best lightweight dryer.  It is lightweight and easy to handle.  Dries fast, even on Low Heat. The fan on-off switch has the Off position in the middle of the rocker... wish it were the Down position. A bit confusing when you are not looking.  Also, this would be a fantastic product if the very, very long cord were a retract.  The long cord is a real asset.. no doubt about it and it doesn't tangle. I would certainly buy again."
"I like this dryer.  It is nothing fancy, but it does everything I was looking for.  It is powerful enough to dry my hair quickly, as well as lightweight and space-efficient (small bathroom counter).  I like the cool shot feature.  And it was a good value."
"My wife already has this dryer, but she wanted another one to gift someone. The good thing I like about it is the dual voltage switch, compact, very simple to use. Also it has the Cool switch that blows cold air that my wife likes as well. Overall simple to use and works good. The only con I can think of is the chord gets in the way a lot.    By the way, the old one we had is still good, except there is some rust on the rim now so try to keep it away from any moisture...."
"This hair dryer is wonderful!  I was worried before I got it that it wouldn't have enough power to dry my hair because I have long hair that takes a while to dry.  Once I recieved it and tried it out I fell completely in love with it.  It is the most quiet hair dryer that I have owned, it is easy to take the filter out to clean, it doesn't eat my hair when it is too close to my head, it doesn't burn my hair but the best thing is that it gets hot enough to dry my hair and has enough power to get the job done quickly. It does get a little heavy after a while but what hair dryer of that size doesn't?  The on/off buttons can be switched easily while using if held directly by the buttons but I haven't had too much trouble with that issue."
"This is my first hair dryer purchase in many years because I had curly hair, which I am now straightening.<br /><br />Pros: dries hair quickly (I was using it on high for the first few weeks, but today I set the temperature to medium and my hair still dried fairly quickly), cute color, retractable cord, quick cool button, price<br />Cons: it seemed a bit heavy on the first day, but I got over that quickly<br /><br />I would recommend this product."
"Like many people, I have been buying the very cheap hairdryers sold at consumer retail stores like KMart and Walmart. I assumed they were good enough but they never last very long. I finally decided to get a pro model. This hairdryer is what my hair stylist has so I decided to try it. I am sorry I waited so long to treat myself to such a nice experience. The quality of the air flow, the excellent sound and the overall feel is well worth the cost. I hope it will last many years.<br /><br />I do wish the diffuser had come with it. However I have one on order. Also I took off a star because I would like high heat on low fan to be just a little hotter."
Purchased the Onei MK-II to replace my wigo. After purchasing a Chi & Sedu I was hesitant to purchase the Onei. This by far has surpassed my expectations & my experience with the Chi & Sedu. I need a hairdryer to meet my needs: dry without loss of volume & decrease amount/use of root/shine styling products. Very surprised at how gentle the air flow comes out & how fast my hair dries.  I assume it's based on the barrel shape of the Onei dryer vs a more cylindrical barrel like some dryers. The packaging of the dryer far exceeded my expectations. The quality of the Onei feels/looks better than the sedu I purchased months ago. So far very surprised & looking to see if this will outlast my last dryer a wigo(5yrs).  I have had this dryer for only a month & have not heard of this brand before. That's why I only gave it a 4. So far loving it better than the Sedu & Chi.
"I bought this hairdryer bc I was looking for a compact dryer with a retractable cord and handle. This is exactly what I wanted. The grip is matte so it gives a nice grip, it folds to make the dryer smaller. The retractable cord works well and makes the dryer very convenient to use in my small bathroom or if I'm traveling. The settings are also good - 3 varieties that dry my hair quickly. The dryer is not very loud either, it's a reasonable noise level."
"This cream works very nicely on my eyes. I mainly bought it because it has the copper peptides that everyone seems to be raving about. I see some improvements however, i think that with any skin care products you need to give it a few months to see true results.Also i noticed that this cream can irritate so make sure you put only a little. I went crazy putting on extra daily out of desperation lol and i felt a burning irritation around my eyes. Still a good cream but you may want to shop around to see what else is out there."
"For those who have said that it's a bit heavy for them, they are correct. I do wish it was lighter. However it is not that heavy, and it dries my hair so quickly. Some people have said that the cool shot button is in a difficult place. I have not found that. I think it is very easy to use. In all,  I'm very happy with this dryer."
Very good air flow and nice having separate control of heat and fan speed.  A little large and a little heavy compared to others I have had.
"Pros: It is dual voltage (120 volts 60 hertz or 240 volts 50 hertz) allowing you to use it in the US and abroad. There is a screw for you to change the voltage. It's almost as powerful and heats up like a regular dryer, which is a huge plus for me.  I've got a ton of hair and those wimpy hotel Sunbeam wall mount dryers just don't cut it.<br /><br />Cons: It's expensive. I would not invest in this as your every day dryer as you can get a better full-size dryer for the price but if you travel a lot, as I do, the voltage option is key. It's a lot heavier and bulkier than the typical travel hair dryer so I would not recommend this if you're looking for something small. There is a hinge at the handle that allows it to fold but it's still far from compact.<br /><br />I've been taking this dryer with me to Europe and it works great. I've been using it intermittently for a year and it's still going strong. Essentially, it's a full-size dryer but with a voltage option.  However, I don't use this in lieu of my full size dryer because I love my light weight FHI Nano."
"This product is definitely high powered.  It does not get as hot as I would like but the blowing power is almost too much, I have long hair so if I use it on high it does tend to blow so hard it knots my hair.  I do like the attachments I use both of them frequently and with the attachments on the blowing power is not enough to tangle my hair so I would recommend using the attachments, or using the dryer on the low setting because it works well.  I love the twist on and off lid by the motor because it is easy to clean.  The motor does get a funny scent if it is used for a longer period of time but that might be expected because my dryer is only about 2 weeks old.  The dryer also isn't very loud so that is another plus.  Overall it is a good dryer and I feel confident in recommending it, plus the color is amazing it stands out."
"Arrived on time. Not as heavy or as cumbersome to hold while drying hair. It is however, a large hairdryer and not compact for travel purposes. Doesn't dry<br />( frizz) my hair as much as non- ionic dyers. Love all the settings! Several useful attachments were included. You can find a lower price elsewhere without the attachments."
"This little hair dryer is very light-weight, nice & small for traveling and just as nice for every day use. It is quite powerful for being so small but drys my hair in no time at all. I love the travel bag that comes with it."
"Was looking for a cheap, decent hair dryer for occasional guests. Did quite a bit of research before settling on this one. It fits the bill. Recommended."
"I love this dryer! My hair is really thick after I wash it and this dryer makes my hair feel softer (because it's an ionic dryer) and more manageable! I didnt give it 5 stars because it is a little heavy to operate and the attachment comb that it comes with is a little long for me but still works great! It was worth every penny, I wish I had heard about this sooner!"
"Overall the power and cord length in this blow dryer works very well.  My only complaint is the temperature of the warm setting.  With very fine hair it is important for me to use as little heat as possible on my hair to avoid damage.  The warm setting is hotter than my old one, and I've never even used the hot setting!"
"I am a female and I bought this shaver for my bikini and genital area.  I personally think it does a better job on the genital area than on the bikini area.  It really makes a difference at what angles your hair grows, and if your hair is on the smoother side and grows very parallel to your skin (like it does on the areas that would show right around my bikini line), it's tough to get it all with this shaver.  It does a good job on the more coarse hair in more intimate areas, as those stand at more of a perpendicular angle (especially when they're short and stubbly after having been shaved a few days before).    You will have to pull gently at your skin and/or hold it in a kind of pinched way sometimes to make sure you get all of the hairs at an angle the shaver will reach, but none of that is painful and it does work.  You'll also have to go over each area more than once, so plan on devoting a few minutes to the process (more than that for your first time or two), because you won't be able to get it all super quickly with the multiple runs over areas and the need to stretch and pull your skin.  I haven't really had any experiences of it pinching or nicking my skin.  Do use some sort of baby powder, particularly in damper areas to make the skin dry and easy to run the shaver over.    I use a compressed air can, along with the little cleaning brush that comes with it, to clean it after each use.  I don't think the brush does a thorough job on its own.    Overall I'm quite happy with this product and would recommend it as a worthwhile purchase.  I have to use it pretty much every day to stay truly smooth, and there are a couple tiny areas that I tend to run a razor over (going in the same direction as the hair so it won't create razor burn) after using the shaver just because the hair in those places isn't at enough of an angle for the shaver to really reach.  You would definitely need to use a trimmer to get the hair to a short stubble before using this shaver; I opted for actually shaving everything with a razor first, and then using the shaver to shave the stubble once it started growing back a day or two later, and have continued doing that stubble maintenance ever since.    The battery life is also pretty good.  I've had the razor for about six months now and have changed the batteries only once so far, probably a couple of months in, while using it every few days."
"This model was installed by our contractor and served well for several years, until one day its innards flew apart (nobody was hurt) -- so we bought a replacement.  The wall mount is very convenient.  Because we installed it low on a cabinet and the cord is a bit short, we hung it upside-down (i.e. cord on top), which requires the fifth (optional) screw through the hole in the magnet (otherwise it would slip right off the wall mount).  Power is adequate for me."
"Compact and conveniently portable.  Dryer is not very powerful, so the brush it pretty much useless for my hair.  Surprisingly this dryer is not even as powerful as my handheld blow dryer.  Bonnet works fine as long as you are satisfied with the low/moderate heat."
"I got this to replace one just like it, because I love the hair dryer.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that the first one I had only lasted about 2 years and I feel like it should have lasted longer.  Maybe this one will."
"I bought this for my daughters' to use in their bathroom. It is out of the way and no cords on the counter. The green night-light is bright, but the girls like it since it brightens the bathroom up at night! They can remove/replace the dryer by themselves (they are 5 and 10 years old). They don't have to squeeze anything to remove it.  Just gently pull. It is quiet with high/low speeds. I did NOT use the anchors/screws that came with the kit. Since I had young girls who would be pulling the dryer off of the wall and may not be so gentle, I replaced those with drywall toggle bolts. It is nice that the GFI is built into the unit and not on the plug so that the plug does not block an outlet or have to plug into the bottom outlet only. I recommend this product. Only reason for 4 stars is because of the hardware they sent with it. There is no way I can see those screws and anchors staying in the wall with people pulling on the dryer to remove it!"
"I like this little hair dryer; it is small, lightweight and easy to use. The controls are in a good place and it does a good job. I only gave it four stars because even on low it blows pretty hard and is hotter than I would like it to be. For the price, it was a good enough deal."
"I like this hair dryer.  I bought it based on reviews.  It is slightly heavier than my old one, but it's well balanced and is smaller, which I like.  As far as the placement of the buttons, I find that my thumb goes right between both buttons so when it's on, I don't move either button during use.  Quite happy with this purchase."
"I had a Conair from years ago that was on its way out so I decided to buy another one. It is very efficient and powerful and I love the cord keeper feature. I thought the opening was a little larger, but other than that, so far so good."
"I have very curly hair & am used to blow drying it straight (have been doing it for >10 years) and using a flat iron to get it frizz free.  This hairdryer is not as good as most of the reviews made it seem: the nozzle only covers a small area, and I still need to use a flat iron.      However, the hairdryer is powerful--it cut 5 minutes off my hair drying time (20 min down to 15).  Another plus is that it is quieter than most."
"This is my second purchase of the Sunbeam/Oster wall mounted hair dryer.  After years of enjoying the wall mount in hotels, I decided to buy one for my bathroom at home.  Best thing I could have done.  When my first one gave out...had to have another.  Plus:  Convenient, easy to use, out of the way of other things, and clean.  Minus:  Lower wattage means slower drying.  Would not like it for long, thick hair.  Cord could stand to be longer to stetch just a bit further.  Really like this product!"
Dryer is good if you have thick hair - dries your hair very quickly.  It is a little heavier and larger in size than I prefer.  I like the attachments that come with it as well.  Very well made and good cord quality.
"This is a great design and a good hairdryer for people with short hair (like me), but I cannot recommend it for people with long hair, since it would take FOREVER to dry anything longer than shoulder-length hair.<br /><br />We bought this to replace an old Sunbeam 1800 watt model that finally gave up the ghost after about 8 years of hard use.<br /><br />This compares well, EXCEPT, it only gets about half as hot as the Sunbeam did.  On the bright side, this won't burn your hair & will dry without damaging your hair.  Personally, I like it.  Hubby complains, because he wants to turn on the dryer, sweep it over his head about 6 times and be finished.  No go.  What used to take him a minute now takes 3.  But I think his hair looks healthier.  He could care less : )  He's a man on a mission and wasted time frustrates him to no end.  Patience is a virtue, I say, as he rolls his eyes.<br /><br />It has two speeds (I use low).  It was easy to install; I did it myself in about 3.5 minutes (really easy).  You use 2 screws to screw a small metal plate onto the wall in your desired hanging location, within reach of an electrical outlet.  Then just clip the dryer body onto the plate, plug in, and DONE!<br /><br />The design's great, because the dryer can continue to cool, even after you hang it up, so you don't have to pre-cool it or worry about it overheating in its stand.  It has a nice little blueish-white nightlight built in, a pleasant plus.<br /><br />Would I buy it again?  Absolutely.  Do I recommend it?  Wholeheartedly for short haircuts.  I like it!"
I used this blower last year when I stayed at a Marriott Hotel.  I needed a new blower at that time and found it on Amazon.  It works fine and I have no complaints.
"Very good product. It doesn't seem to get that hot. I don't know if it just needs time to get broken in, or if the infrared technology just doesn't need the high heat. Runs VERY quietly and its built like a tank."
"this is a great little hairdryer - I ordered it for travel.  It's a little heavy and large for a travel dryer but most travel dryers are loud and cheap and take forever to dry your hair.  This one is as powerful as a full size dryer.  If suitcase space isn't an issue, this is the dryer for you."
Very lightweight but powerful. My hair gets dried very quickly.
"3mo, holding up strong and traveled to UK and back very well. Cord sometimes does't retract all the way into dryer so u just need to play with it a bit then it stores completely."
"This is a nice hair dryer. I use it on warm/high. It still takes a while to get my hair dry. Still, with dryer, it is much smoother than with my last con-air."
I don't have much experience with hair dryers. That's my wife's responsibility! But she has mentioned several times that she finds this particular product noisier than she liked or expected.
This dryer does a good job and wasn't too expensive. It has several different settings available.  I am pleased with this purchase.
"Overall, I'm quite happy with this hairdryer. I didn't give it a 5/5 because I'm not quite raving--it didn't transform my hair, like some people claimed, or dramatically reduce my drying time, but for the price, this hairdryer is a great value and I think I'll be using mine for quite some time to come.<br /><br />I've owned this hairdryer for about a month now. Here are my impressions:<br /><br />Pros:<br />- Doesn't get as hot, but dries my hair in about the same amount of time as my old (non-ceramic, non-ionic) hairdryer (if anything, a little faster). Lower heat is less damaging to my hair, so since this dryer still gets it done just as quickly, that's a good thing in my book!<br />- Has three heat settings and two intensity settings, allowing for lots of control.<br />- Has a cold shot button that functions well.<br />- Retractable cord is very convenient for traveling and storage.<br />- Design is sleek and attractive.<br /><br />Cons:<br />- I wish the cord were just a little longer. Maybe I'm asking for too much, but this one seems a little shorter than my last, and I find myself pulling on it fairly often.<br />- The hairdryer is a bit heavy, but nothing unmanageable. Get that arm workout!<br /><br />I haven't used the diffuser or concentrator attachments, so I can't give an accurate review of those. But just out of the box and unmodified, this dryer has proved to be a good purchase for me."
Revlon RV408 1875 Watt Full-Size Turbo Dryer is OK . It is a little bigger than I expected. But it is also good. Thank you .
Easy to mount on the wall.  That helps to free up counter space.  It drys very well and isn't too noisey. However the over heating sensor in the hand held part is overly active.  When drying my hair if I hold it close to my head it will shut off and you have to wait for it to cool down before it will let you reset it.
I purchased this haridryer for one reason- I broke both of my elbows in a fall and needed to have a lightweight dryer to use after the splints came off.  This hairdryer is by far the lightest I have seen and it has been easy for me to use.  This may be important for people with muscle/nerve/arthritic issues and should be considered for this reason. There are only two speeds and settings so you can not have high heat on a low speed and visa versa.
Great price of course but my wife had one of these for 8 years and it finally went craps. This was its replacment and I will say it's pretty cheaply made. Hoping it will last as long as the other.
"I had only ever used cheap hairdryers in my life and decided to finally get a good one. I already owned one of their straighteners, so I decided to give their dryer a shot too. They're decently priced and are also a very high quality product. I have super thick hair that normally takes ages to dry all the way. This dryer cuts the time by a significant amount. There is also a free manufacturer warranty on the item, so definitely take advantage of that if you're nervous about trying a brand you don't know."
"Overall a great hair dryer, but since the outer shell along with attachable head nozzles are plastic, it can emit a somewhat funky smell if left on for too long and on too high of a temperature."
"A month ago I reviewed this product with the title, A piece of crap (see below review).  After this review I decided to contact the Remington online customer service and sent them a message with my complaint.  Shortly thereafter I received an email from them asking me to return the broken one and they would send a replacement.  They sent the shipping box and the label as well and within 10 days I had a new dryer that I have been using since with no problems.  Granted it has only been a month but I was very impressed with Remington.  I just hope that no one there was injured when testing the dryer (lol)... it really did blow flames.  Obviously there was a short which could happen with any electrical product but it was the way that the company responded that I had to give the rating of 4 stars when previously I only give it 1.  I really do like this dryer and how my hair looks and feels afterwards which is very different from other dryers that are no ionic.  Plus it dries my hair super fast without drying it out.<br /><br />PREVIOUS REVIEW:  Bought this dryer 4 months ago even though I read the bad reviews as well as the good ones and was concerned but figured it was a good brand name. i only use a hair dryer at most 2x/wk. Last night I was using the dryer on my wet hair and flames and sparks started shooting out of it!!! Thank God my hair was wet and didn't have any flammable product in it. I showed it to my boyfriend who suggested that I contact consumer affairs for Remington, which I just did. Since it has been over 30 days I can no longer return the appliance to Amazon. I have had many hair dryers and most of the time they have just worn out after a year or 2 but this was just scary.<br /><br />1/18/13 - Almost 1 year later... and still working perfectly.  In fact, I bought another dryer in the interim, waiting for the new Remington and paid a pretty penny for the new one.  I used both multiple times, trading off one for the other. I found that I prefer the Remington over the other more expensive name brand dryer. The Remington does not leave my hair fly away and seems to give it a nice sheen (is that possible?). It drys my hair better and more evenly.mington over the other more expensive name brand dryer. The Remington does not leave my hair fly away and seems to give it a nice sheen (is that possible?). It drys my hair better and more evenly."
"Works well, dries hair quickly, and it does reduce frizzing. Very light for its size. I have accidentally turned it off while holding it a few times, but it's easy to correct by holding it a little higher up--it's not really a big deal. Definitely worth it for the price."
"Lightweight and works fine so far.  I've had it about a week now.  Longer barrel than the one I had before it.  No cool shot button, only high heat and low heat, which is a little cooler but not much than the high heat.  My hair dries pretty fast with it.  It's a pretty good buy in my opinion.  My hair is long and fine and breaks easily is the reason I got it since ionic lower wattage dryers are suppose to be better for my hair type."
"This thing has lots of power --- works so fast, and seems to do so without damaging the hair... I was wavering between this dryer and another that was a bit cheaper. But was glad that I chose this one, as it's the most satisfying hair dryer I've used at home thus far.<br /><br />My only issue with it is that the sliding switches are annoying to use, as they are very stiff. Wish that this awesome product came with easier to maneuver switches.... Maybe next time, in the redesign, it will?"
As prescribed it Works well sofar will see how long it last. I use it on a daily basis handle pretty good
This item looks very fancy and useful to use in multiple level using cooling and light enough to use. I will buy this product again !!
This hair dryer works well.  The various settings dry soaked hair as well as damp hair.  The price was right.  The cord-keeper is a practical aspect...no more wrapping the cord around the dryer.
"I like this brush, don't love it.......... I expected my medium fine hair to glide through the bristles but it can be a little difficult if you have product in your hair and are trying to blow dry it yourself. I am sure it works great if someone else is drying your hair ; - )"
I bought this for drying my Miniature Schnauzer furnishings at home and at shows. I picked this one because it has air coming in from both sides for maximum air flow. It works great. I've had it for nearly 2 years and use it often as I also groom for a few other owners. It still looks like new and all the switches work just like day one. I will buy again if this one ever goes out. I will also buy another one if my personal hair dryer (different brand) ever goes out. I've had it for nearly 20 years. LOL
"This little hair dryer is indeed mighty. It is small, lightweight, and easy to handle. Perfect for travel or for someone who doesn't want to take up half their space with storing some of the big hair dryers. Works very well as well."
"I first used this blowdryer at a hotel and liked it so much I looked for it online. I was pleasantly surprised to find it so affordable! This blowdryer is light and dries my hair very fast. It cut my drying time by more than half compared with my former professional grade more expensive blowdryer. I timed it and dried my fine, wavy chin length hair straight in 4 minutes (I also used the Vidal Sassoon VS7963 Ionic Thermal All Purpose Brush). The retractable cord prevents cord tangles and extra cord weight. This blowdryer is easy to use and a great value for the price!<br /><br />Update: 11/25/12<br />Almost a year later, the blowdryer still works very well. Nothing broke and I enjoyed it all year. Today I took off one star, however, because the dryer doesn't come with enough options: no styling nozzle or difuser. The settings are also very basic. So I did buy a new blowdryer (from a different brand) for not much more money than ths one, in order to have more options such as two styling nozzles and options for 3 temperatures at different  blowing speeds. Still, I believe I got my money's worth with this very decent Andis."
"I just bought this dryer a couple weeks ago, I really like it. It dries my hair quickly and it does not leave my hair frizzy.  The only thing I would change is the on/off button. I hit that often causing it to shut off."
I like it.  It dries my hair pretty quickly and I have long hair.
"My daughter just loves this small hair dryer.  However, it is advertised on Amazon having 1200 watts.  I have a Kill-A-Watt's meter to test the house wattage, and this hair dryer reads 981 watts on high and 255 watts on low setting.  However, it works great and saves some energy."
"This hair dryer really can't be beaten for the price. It gets the job done and also comes with a diffuser and a concentrator.<br /><br />The barrel is very wide, moves plenty of air, and is one of the quietest hair dryers I've used, but also definitely does not have that strong of a fan. I don't mind this usually, but sometimes if my bangs are acting up I'd really like a large amount of air/heat to put them in place. Usually the concentrator is fine for this but it'd be nice to have a bit more flow.<br /><br />The diffuser is also very nice. I've never really used a diffuser until getting this but it generally keeps my thick, curly hair frizz free as long as I don't dry it completely. If I dry it 100%, then I definitely get some frizz on the top layer of my hair.<br /><br />Overall, very happy with this product for the price."
"This is a fantastic little hair dryer. I bought it two weeks ago after reading the reviews and absolutely all the positive reviews about it are true. I love the power it throws out. It is quick and nice in doing its business. It is a little noisy but I guess that is something which I felt in my previous dryers from other brands too. A point to note however is that though the product description indicates ...and removable concentrator make this a versatile styler..., there is no concentrator that I received in my package. So if you are looking for a hair dryer with a diffuser or concentrator, then this product does not come with one and you may need to search and buy one separately."
"It was not the powerful motor ones at the Salon she was expecting. However it more than meets her needs at home which was why I bought it for her in the first place. A decent price for a nice looking blow dryer. There are three speeds, three temperatures and a cold button. It comes with two detachable mouthpieces and a sample oil product you can rub in your hair before you stylize it.<br /><br />I'm not sure how it stands up to the Remington for the same price. That one looks more powerful from the description."
"Seems to be a good hair dryer. Easy to use, not too heavy. I've had it about a month, no complaints so far. Cord is long enough. And it is a pretty teal."
I'm very pleased with this purchase for the price.  The hairdryer is powerful and heats up quickly and the concentrator nozzle is just the right size for drying your hair with a barrel brush.  I also like the look and feel of it - the coating on the handle makes it easy to grip.  The only con is a very minor one (and why I rate this as 4 stars) is that it's a little heavier than previous hairdryers which I've owned but this wouldn't put me off purchasing this model again.
"I like the design of the Jerdon Wall Mount Hair Dryer. It's compact and easy to install on the wall. The double buttons make it easy to use, too. The cons? The dryer doesn't have a cool setting, only high, med, and low, plus the electrical cord is very short and you must install it very close to the outlet."
Great product ! The only bad thing was that the wheels didn't fit .
"After reading many reviews, I decided to get this one.  I've been using a variety of different ones and most work pretty well.  This one continues that trend.  It cuts well and is easy to maintain.  The only downsides is that it might get a little warmer/louder than what I remember of the others I've used and without a guard, it doesn't get quite as close as some of the other clippers.  I'd recommend it for anyone who isn't looking for a really close cut."
Good product.  Looks lilke its well made and easy to hankle.  Only knock is its a little heavy.  Otherwise well worth the money.
"This blow dryer is amazing for it's price. I wanted to buy an expensive &#34;better&#34; blow dryer, but my finances would not allow that and I settle on this one. I am, however, grateful I chose to buy this blow dryer. It has 3 heat settings, cool, warm and hot which is nice because i can put it on the heat setting which fits my hair the best. It is not ridiculously loud like some of the previous blow dryers i've own and the cord is sufficiently long. I would recommend buying this blow dryer, even over an expensive &#34;better&#34; one because i feel like it works just as well as some of the other more expensive hair dryers i've owned over the years."
"I have been using the much more expensive Tan Towels brand for several weeks, but I decided to give these ones a whirl.  The Tan Towels were just getting to be very pricey.  I found that these ones work just as well as the others! However, it seems like it takes a few more applications with the Loreal brand to get the same color as Tan Towels, but for this price that hardly matters.  Some may even think this is a positive, because it allows you more control over your tan.  I used these every night for 3 days and I have a wonderful natural looking glow.  Not too dark at all and not overly noticable.  These are great for us fair skinned folks that only need a bit of color.  I'm not sure you can call this a deep dark tan, but that wasn't what I was looking for anyway. These take a bit of practice to use (since you can't see where it is going on), but after becoming an expert with the Tan Towels, these were easy. Always use a circular motion! Also, I found that putting a little bit of lotion on my writs after application really helps with the steaking on my wrists (this was a problem area for me). AND, I wash my hands immediately afterward and use the MUCH lighter Jergens natural glow lotion on my hands instead, this also helps with the streaking factor."
"I have only used it in the low setting, and it works well for me. It is a bit big. I have to find a way to easily manage the cable easily after each use though"
"My previous dryer finally died.  I really like this one.  It doesn't collapse, but that was one of the breaking points on my previous one.  I like the  variation in temperatures & speed.  I took off the nozzle because it seemed to concentrate the air too much... I don't really like to spend too much time on my hair, just the minimum to make it look good.  The diffuser seems pretty good, but I haven't tried to dry my hair curly yet.  I really like that the back vent can be cleaned."
"This is the first straightener I have used, so I can't compare to others.  I can attest to the fact that I have medium length, moderately curly hair and I am able to straighten my hair with one pass at 410, although for a more polished look I do two passes.  I am able to get two days out of my style without any signifigant frizz.  However, it is fall and the humidity level is pretty low.  My only real complaint is the instructions state to hold the + key to lock the buttons.  After some trial and error I figured out that holding the - key actually acheived this.  Feel like it is a good value."
"This is AMAZING!  Dries my hair very fast and it's so shiny when I'm done.  The only negative is that it's pretty heavy, but I'll just chalk that up to an arm workout!  :)"
"I love the look of this dryer; the red is so cool!  And it has a more reasonable airflow than most of the dryers I've tried.  I don't need that much force, just enough to get my hair dry.  It also lets you pick from several different combos of heat/air flow force.  The only con is that it weighs more than my previous dryer... but not enough to make me send it back.  Overall, I'm pleased with this purchase."
"I've only had this a couple weeks but, so far, it's living up to expectations.  Very strong on high - dries my long hair quickly and is quieter than my old one."
"Got this Jerdon from Amazon to replace an Oster with the same wattage. This dryer seems to dry my hair a lot faster, but......when doing the sides, it sounds like a jet airplane.  It is VERY noisy, but you don't have to have it on as long, so I guess it evens out the pros and the cons. I would recommend this to a friend, but, I would advise them about the loudness of the dryer.  It is a good dryer for the cost and I am not sorry I bought it."
"It still works like the first day i had it, but the retractable cord takes a little finagling to get it all the way back in.  Nonetheless, it's much better than having all these cords all over the place!"
Have only used in this country so far but it is small but does good job drying hair.  It has optional conversion to foreign electrical systems.  Just your standard dryer for a pretty fair price and without running around in crowds hunting for model on sale.
"We've all used the wall-mounted blow dryers in hotels, and then gone home to the unit sitting on the counter-top in our bathroom.  I finally broke down and purchased this wall-mounted unit and put it in my wife's bathroom.  It only took a couple of minutes to install the mounting plate with the supplied hardware.  What a difference.  No more cords dangling in the sink and knocking items on the floor.  I chose this model because it has a removable filter to allow easier cleaning.  My feelings about blow dryers is that they're pretty much all the same within price ranges.  I don't expect a $35 item to last 10 years. . . I will happily replace it when it wears out.  This one works fine and I don't have any complaints.  I'd buy it again tomorrow if faced with the same need and happily recommend it to anyone who's considering a purchase."
"I first encountered this hair dryer while using one at a hotel.  I was so impressed, I wrote down the name of the dryer and searched for it on line.  I bought this unit from Amazon and used it for several years.  It finally saw its last day.  I immediately went back to Amazon and purchased another one.  I received it within 2 days and am once again content.<br /><br />Pros:  retractible cord, folds for packing, dries very well, affordable and salon friendly<br />Con:  sometimes gets too hot"
"We had one of these before and like it. This one is basically the same. It does have a funny sound to it that I don't think is normal which has me a little worried, but it still works fine I think."
"For an inexpensive hair dryer, this thing was pretty amazing. Lasted almost a year and a half with regular use."
This is a good little hair dryer. The only problem is the noise it produces. It sounds like a jet engine in the &#34;high&#34; mode.
Works like a charm.  Doesn't get hot enough to burn your scalp and the attachment helps to better focus the area you want to dry.
"I really expected it to dry my hair super fast after reading the reviews, but I would say it takes just as long as a normal hair dryer. I like it, and it works good just not as fast as I had hoped."
I've been looking for a powerful hair dryer and found this at a resort.  I was happy that I found it online and it was so reasonable.  I like the retraactable cord and hope it lasts.  Some of the reviews were negative on this.  It leaves my hair dry in minutes and soft.  More powerful than some of the other larger hair dryers I've purchased.
I bought this due to the very high reviews.  I agree.  It is a great product.  It is a bit heavy though.  SO I do not use it every day
"The bearing in my wife's blow dryer was getting pretty loud (enough to wake me up in the morning - she gets up before me).  Got this one based on the reviews here and elsewhere.  It looks good as far as blow dryers go I guess (I don't use them), It's actually fairly quiet, considering.<br /><br />I asked my wife about the 'frizz' claim the other day, as I was skeptical about that part of the claim - and she said it really does work (she normally has a 'frizz' problem).  Not sure if it's a placebo affect, but she's happy, so I'm happy.  She likes it better than her previous one, so that was already a plus."
"Most of the B&B's we stayed in during our 3 week European trip had hairdryers in the bathrooms (and these were in small towns).  However, I did use this hairdryer several times and really liked it."
"Its light enough and only takes up a small space from my luggage.  Its good for both 110V and 220 volts, though if you will use it at 220v, you can only use the Low setting ( so make sure you put a tag or you might forget)."
"Overall - I would have given it 5 stars, but had to withhold one, due to my wife's complaint that there is no separate heat and fan control switches.  It also does not have cool blast or whatever they call it button that allows to temporarily switch off the heat while keeping the fan running.  To be honest - her hair looks the same to me regardless what dryer she uses.  Its an excellent product, and if you are not super picky about your dryers - I highly recommend it."
I like the hair dryer.  It dries very well and the design is very modern and updated.  It is adjustable and it get really hot with and  it has a ionic straightener that helps your hair dry you hair straight.
"This is a nice hair dryer.  It's up there with some of the $100 dryers I have purchased.  It isn't whisper quiet, but it dries hair fairly quickly.  I love that it has four different heat settings.  I have long, super thick hair, so I need a strong dryer, and this definitely does the job."
"This blow dryer is generally nice. The only thing that I do not like is that it does not have temp. and speed settings. It only has low temp./low speed, medium temp/medium speed, and high temp./high speed. You cannot change these corresponding temp./speed settings. Other than this I like the wide tooth comb attachment. I have natural hair and this helps me detangle and stretch all of my hair. It works pretty great, came on time. My mom is buying two for herself and my sister. I would recommend this."
"My wife really loves this hair dryer. Seems to dry her hair fast (way faster than the one we replaced) and all the various settings makes it great for other uses (like spot drying clothes, drying off the kid, etc.)."
For commercial setting they are neat and clean but with heavy everyday use they get about 1-1.5 years before burning out. Very happy with the product and would recommend them to other businesses. I will be purchasing more in the future!
Works very good. I'm and African American with permed hair. Now ladies you know after we wash and blow dry our hair we normally have to flat iron it as well. But that's not the case with this blow dryer since I started using it I haven't flat ironed my hair. I just blow dry and I'm out the door. I once told my cousin this and she said I looked like I when to the hair dresser. Product works great. And drying and combing with one hand is absolutely awesome. The combs snap only firmly. I have no fear it will fall off even with my thick hair.
"price is ok and this product definitely meets my expectations. only, the ionic feature is not so well developed. i have a braun ionic hairdryer and i love the ionic feature. i almost anticipated that the ionic feature is not be so good with this product on account of the low price and i was right. so, the product is fully ok, only if you buy it just for the ionic feature, then you might be disappointed."
"This hair dryer does exactly what it's meant for. Good quality product overall. The only thing I'm a little unhappy with is the switch which seems a tad cheap to me. Slides a little loose in the 3 positions, but it works fine. I would recommend this to someone. Price is right and it's perfect for travel."
"Awesome Power, Just A Little Heavy!!"
great design base could be more sturdy
"For an inexpensive hairdryer it fills my needs. I use it when I travel, I would love for it to be<br />a bit smaller and lighter, but that may not be possible considering the existing features."
I received the item when stated and it is what I had wanted and expected. It was easy for me to install. Thank you.
Works great only complaint is that when using the attachment it doesn't always stay on when trying to change the diretion.
awesome! dries my hair faster than any other drier i have.. and my hair is thick! i would recommend this.
"I have had expensive blow dryers but after research on the web, I decided to try this one based on an article about the best blow dryers - at any price.  I do like it and think it does a great job on my hair (and I am etremely picky); however the downside is a short cord.  I have had to accomodate by drying my hair in the bath vs. my room.  The expensive ones have a much longer cord; however, I will get used to it eventually."
"I ordered this because of the price and the reviews. It's a decent hair dryer but the bristle attachment (the only one I had planned to use) was flimsy. Flimsy in a way that the bristles bend from pressure easily so if you have a lot of hair, it wont go all the way through. I would suggest this item for people with, at most, normal thickness hair. I would not suggest this item for women of darker skin. I myself am Caucasian but I have medium thickness, curly hair and I can just barely use it. I have to use the comb attachments and thats not very fun. I suggest this item mostly for women with a little but of curl that they want to straighten out."
"Good dual-voltage travel dryer, although a bit larger than expected, and a little weaker than an 1875 should be, IMHO. Still - it works fine."
I usually look up Consumer Reports on most of my purchases.  Over the years they have proven to be trustworthy and my purchases at their recommendation has saved me money and headaches.  The Revlon hairdryer has just been purchased but I like it already.  It is priced affordably but has many options and handles easily.  Not disappointed in the least.
"I purchased this hair dryer after watching a series of blow drying tutorials. I researched a lot about hair dryers since this was my first purchase. I wanted to invest in a decent blow dryer which would last me for atleast an year. I have wavy hair and I have recently got a layer cut done with a scoop. I understood the need of a good blow dryer to get that wow look that you get after a salon visit. I must say the elchim professional 2001 truly met all my expectations. The dryer is quite light and easily manageable by blow dry virgins. If you are planning to buy a blow dryer for the first time, then i would suggest you to go for this one. This 2000 Watt dryer is very powerful and straightens your hair instantly. All you need a Ceramic Jumbo round brush ( from Brush lab) and this powerful device to create the look you have always craved for. I am really happy with the results.My husband always admires my hair now and I simply can't stop blushing...:) I  wanted a red and black combi dryer, but they sent me a black one instead. Thats Ok. When this breaks, I'm gonna simply make another purchase of the same product."
"I have very thin fine hair and only use a hair dryer for spot drying on occasion. I had a great little travel dryer that worked great for years until it recently just died on me. In looking for a new dryer I found most were too big and bulky for me, as well as too powerful for my hair. This dryer had the lowest wattage I could find. While it's still a bit too powerful for me, it serves my purpose, as it is small and lightweight. The only improvement I would have made would have been to have a foldable handle."
"The hair dryer is very nice. Just one drawback for me. As the standard voltage is 100v, in north american, I do no dare to use other level than set."
"This dryer has a lot of power. It blew my hair extremely straight! I like the older model, but this newer version is just as good. This product is lighter and easier to handle. My only issue is - the shipping was slow."
Works great and I can channel the heat to a specific area when drying.  A little big but is manageable. Thanks.
"what can i say about Hair dryer why do you insist on making people write long review about somthing when i say it was good isnt that enough Now if it was 1,000,000 than that is different but it was not and i am done wether you like it or not"
"At first I didnt like the way they went on , they kind of slipped around when placing them, but the stayed once they were in place, the stayed. after a few times of usage i did see some results. My teeth are whiter but next time i will purchase a stronger method"
"This hairdryer is not pink but more of a hot red. And it looks kind of a cheap plastic.    However, this blow dries my hair pretty fast. So, it does what's required of it!    I took one star off because it does seem louder than your average hair dryer. If you live in a house, that's probably not a big deal; but if your apt has thin walls... you might not want to blow dry your hair in the middle of the night.    I really like the fact that the cord is retractable. Word of caution: hang on to the plug when you hit the retraction button because it will fly all over the place. And if you're not careful, this can probably hit you in the face because it retracts very fast.    Lastly, a couple reviews have mentioned that this Conair 1875 is heavier than most hair dryers. My old hair dryer must have been pretty heavy too then because I don't really notice it. Either way, at least it'll give you a work out!"
It's a little bigger than I had imagined but the weight is okay and it works quick. I haven't noticed any change in my hair texture or look but it works well otherwise. And mine didn't come with a diffuser as some reviews mention.
"I have had the dryer for a few weeks, and so far I am loving it! It is lightweight and great at transforming my coarse, curly hair into sleek, shiny, and straight hair in a short amount of time.  I have paid 2-3 times more for hairdryers in the past only to have them lose the ability to stay hot.  I am hopeful this dryer will last a while.  My hairdresser recommended it highly.  If he loves the product in a high volume salon, then I look forward to owning mine for a long time to come."
Worked okay for my application.  I have no hair so I can't speak to the effectiveness of this unit when used for it's intended purpose.  I bought it to dry parts.  :O)
"This is a very nice dryer and actually the second one we have had.  We wore out the first one after many years of daily use.  My only complaint, and it is a small one, is the night light is too bright.  It needs to be toned down a little.  Other that that this is a great hair dryer."
"Easy to use, instructions clear, has plenty of power, very light and small for travel. Have begun using it every day instead of my regular hair dryer."
"Works great, heat settings are good, but it is very heavy and it's so long.  I had to stretch my arm way out so the heat wasn't too close to my hair.  Definitely not for travel since it is so big.  But it did dry my hair."
THIS DRYER IS OK. YOU JUST HAVE TO TURN THE HOSE AROUND TO DRY THE TOP OF YOUR HAIR. I HAVE HAD A HARD TIME LOCKING THE HOSE ON THE BONNET.
I like the curling hair dryer and am getting used to using it. My hair requires constant care because I have no natural curl and have very fine hair. I think a person with some natural wave or curl and thicker hair than mine would find this a marvelous curling hair dryer. I do keep using it every other day and use a regular curling iron in between to redo my hair. This curling hair dryer by far beats every other curling hair dryer I have used.
"Strong and powerful, however, it's a little too powerful for me. I was looking for a light dryer and this one works, it's not super light but it's also not too heavy and I didnt want to go through the hassle of returning."
"This hair dryer works fine.  It has several settings that are good as well.  The only problem that I see with the hairdryer is that the switches are located on the handle and as your hand wraps around to hold the dryer, you inadvertently shut it off.  It's annoying but I feel as though it's just something I will get used to in time.  Everything else about it is --- so far, so good."
"My mother really likes a Conair 225R Comfort Touch Tourmaline Ceramic 1875-Watt Hair Dryer that I got about a year ago, so I decided to let her have it and try a different one. I went with the Remington Ac2015 based on reviews. My hair dryer rating is based on speed and ability to keep my hair sleek and unburned, since I have plenty of hair and live in a humid place year-round. I have to say that while both the Remington and the Conair perform quite well, the Conair wins for me: it's noticeably lighter, and its sliding buttons are friendlier than the Remington's flipping ones."
"This product id great. Really dries your hair without frizzing. only complaint is its a little heavy, but all in all great dryer"
"Sturdy, a bit bulky & gets incredibly hot. So if buying for salon use be careful when using with bleach on high heat. It gets VERY HOT."
"This is the best hair dryer i've ever purchased!!! It has cut my drying time down to 20 minutes, i have shoulder length thick hair that is prone to frizz. It leaves my soft and smooth. The only downside is that it gets extremely hot and can burn the bristles on a round brush. I've had to try out different brushes that stand up to the heat and a tourmaline ceramic round brush is the best. Overall, i would recommend this to everyone!"
"My old and expensive blowdryer that I received as a birthday present still ran but slowly. Hence, my new replacement. Would have been happy for an orange one but sadly Amazon sent me a yucky fuchsia dryer. At least, it works great and has more options than I thought. Great for someone always on the go!"
"I love the Yellowbird! I have very long hair and it holds up to drying my hair, as other dryers wind up overheating before my hair is dry. Not this one. It is powerful, unlike many other dryers, and I love the Cool setting that is continuous instead of being a cool shot.  I would reccomend this dryer for anyone with thick, long hair."
"I've only been using this dryer for a week but like it. It is powerful and does a nice job. I'm not sure how long it is going to last however. But for the price, I'm pleased."
"Like all the twin turbo dryers, this one is built to last. The dryer feels solid and the materials are high quality, it's also much lighter than my 3200 (and smaller). I'm an editorial stylist and I'm hard on my tools but my twin turbos always last for years (and they're repairable). A few things to mention, the nozzles on my dryer are very hard to get on and hard to rotate when in place (perhaps they just need to break in?) Also this dryer has a shorter &#34;snout&#34; much like the 3500, so if you're used to having a more traditional dryer like the 2700 or 3200 it will take a bit of getting used to. Very nice dryer with great hot air output, the best as far as i'm concerned."
"The price on this was about 30% lower than the same model in the store, so considering the price it was a great choice. My only &#34;complaint&#34; is that the Low setting is a little too low, and the High setting is a little too high for my preference. A speed right between the two would be ideal, but that is a minor issue. It works well for what I need."
"I am very happy with my new dryer from Xtava...my previous ones were revlon (both the same model)...the first one got pitched because the cord was becoming severed from the dryer...the second because it started making a horrible noise and sparked at me!  As long as this new one doesn't do that, I will be happy!! I hope it lasts a long time!  It's a cute design, I have the blue flower."
"My old (Revlon) hair dryer went kaput, and I went to a local store and bought another Revlon to replace it.  Yikes!  While it did dry my very straight, fine hair quickly, the air flow was so strong that when I put my hair in velcro curlers, the Revlon hair dryer blew the curlers out of my hair!  So I went looking on my beloved Amazon to find a better hair dryer with lots of positive reviews, and ended up ordering this for about the same price I paid for the Revlon one.  This one is great--so much more substantial and quality feeling and noticeably quieter and less shrill sounding than the Revlon.<br /><br />My single complaint is that the toggle switches on the handle that control the air flow and heat settings are a little too easy to accidentally change when drying your hair.  But I still like this hair dryer a lot."
"The only reason I have this four stars is because the only problem I have with it is that it isn't as powerful as my last dryer, which was different, but for the money I spent I got every penny. It works just fine and I love how you don't have to press an additional button to go to the cool setting like old dryer."
This dryer was not for me and amazon refunded my money immediately. This is a regular dryer. I have fine hair that gets frizzy and needs to dry quickly. I now know I need to stay with the professional models.
I love this dryer...it really does take away the frizzies. I'd give it 5 stars but it is a bit heavy and the cord is super long.
"I received this a day ago and it works well, is quiet and my hair is still on my head.....I REALLY LIKE THE CONTROLS!  IT WORKS LIKE A CHARM!"
"Hair dryer works great.<br />Mounting plate was a little bit tricky to install though / could have a better design.<br />All-in-all, a satisfactory purchase."
"This is the second Conair Silver Bird Hair Dryer that I have purchased.  I like it very much, except that its a bit heavy.  It works great and is powerful enough to dry any hair type."
"After about 20 years of daily use and many minor repairs, my wife's Conair finally bit the and we found this to be the closest replacement model. Other than being a little heavier than her original , it still has the features that she needs. Very happy with it - maybe it will last as long as the first one."
"Great hair dryer, just leaving a quick review to state that, like others have stated, the matte rubber covering on my dryer is all peeling off on the handle (and taking the words with it...). This doesn't affect the usability of the dryer, but it's ugly and I have to memorize all of the settings before they disappear. It took about a week of everyday use before mine started to peel. Otherwise, the dryer dries my hair in an expeditious manner, which is really all you can ask of a hair dryer. :)"
"It takes some time to get your hair dry, depending on how many rollers you use and your hair type, but it definitely gets the job done. it is sturdy and hot enough without burning you to a crisp."
"The dryer dries my hair quickly and has a good length cord.  My only disappointment is that the speed and heat settings are not separate i.e they are controlled with one sliding switch, low speed=low heat, high speed=high heat.  I was very pleased that even though I ordered 2 items separately on the same say, they both arrived as promised and in one box."
I have had this dryer for one month now and it is performing beautifully.  It dries my hair faster than my other dryer and it is much quieter even though they both have 1875 watts of power.  Only con is its length.  Just a little too long to fit in my overnight carrier.  Otherwise I would rate it with 5 stars.
"Bonnet too tight, otherwise, excellent. The bonnet has an adjustable elastic, but it is so tight that there is no way that one would adjust it even further. It hurt my forehead, because it was so tight. What I did was cut the elastic, and then just set the bonnet on my head loosely, and it works perfectly. Nice steady hot and warm options. and high and low. So, had the bonnet not been an issue, I woudl have given this 5 stars. Must have been tiny, tiny heads when they designed it!"
"This is a very good hair dryer, especially if you are less accustomed to professional dryers. If you like myself have been buying Conair or Revlon dryers since you were a teenager then you'll appreciate a step up from those. This dries my hair quickly without an intense level of heat. Better yet much less noise and a longer cord than my previous dryers. A solid purchase."
"I love this blowdryer.  I love how I don't have to mess around with the cord anymore.  The cord does, however, get stuck sometimes and you have to unwind it and do it over and over again until the cord is properly inserted back into the blowdryer.  I also get this burnt smell from the dryer after using it for 10 minutes.  Still, I like this blowdryer more than the ones I've used in the past."
"Good, steady product so far.  Only concern is the weight. Bit heavy."
"Not bad, does a good job but feels a little cheap. Description says full size dryer but could have a little more power. Doesn't look or feel like a real expensive hair dryer... But I guess you can't really expect that for around twenty bucks."
"Pros: good quality, comfortable to hold in hand.   Cons: the plug is bulky (seems to be true for all hair dryers though) and the switch is a little difficult to operate."
"This is my second Andis wall mounted hair dryer, which replaced one that was over 5 years old.  Of course, the wall mount feature is the best for keeping a clutter-free countertop, but I also appreciate that it is quiet and has the power to dry my hair quickly.  (I have thick, shoulder length hair.)"
"TINY! Not the same size as the usual ones this style so keep that in mind. Other than that, it still works well. It is a bit louder than more pricey hair dryers. Has a distinct rattle sound. I bought this for my mother who doesn't have that much hair. I have a thick mane of it and it works but takes too long. Not the best for styling."
"Its a little heavy, but works great for such a low price. The attachments were what won me over :)"
"I had this hair dryer for a couple of years and the plug went bad, so I tried replacing it with several different brands.  I ended up returning every one I bought and then decided to look at Amazon to see if it was even possible to buy the same model again.  I was thrilled to find it and immediately bought it.  For whatever reason the air does not get as hot as the original and the low setting is a little bit strong for a low setting.  Compared to the numerous brands I just tried this was still my favorite and am happy to have it!"
"Bought this dual voltage drier for my trip to Europe. Dried my hair quickly, was compact for travel, used low setting only based on prior reviews. Great dryer but LOUD!"
"Update: I purchased my latest replacement (yes, if you buy this product you will need to replace it regularly) on Jun 19, 2017 and now it has failed on July 27 (LOW speed stopped working so it only blows on HIGH). The product is wonderful when it works but my Amazon order history shows it is a consistent failure (purchases on Jan 3, 2012, Mar 5, 2013, May 20, 2013, Jun 19, 2017) of the same feature. There was at least one other failure but I complained directly to the manufacturer about the short lifespan in 2013 and was sent a new one and also bought another new one at a local store and these two lasted 4 years, 2013-2017.<br /><br />Some people may ask why I keep buying this product and I will say, 1) it is inexpensive, 2) a few of these units have lasted for more than one year, 3) the 3 holes on my bathroom wall where it is mounted are difficult to disguise and each replacement unit so far has fit into these holes (although I now use a slightly larger drywall anchor) and, 4) I like having a hair dryer off my counter!<br /><br />Original comment: I purchased this hair dryer more than a year ago and used it nearly every day to dry both my husband's and my own short hair.  It is a reasonably quiet but powerful machine that does its job well.  The addition of a hanger on the wall mount to wrap the cord out of harms way, since it inevitably stretches out, is a great innovation.  I would have given it a 5-star review then.<br /><br />Unfortunately the lower speed (it has two speeds) stopped functioning after a little more than a year. The higher speed is too hot and too noisy to use.  I repurchased the exact same hair dryer on April 6, 2013.  Today--3 days AFTER the 30-day product replacement window--the lower speed stopped functioning.<br /><br />Updated 7/14/15:  The manufacturer replaced this hair dryer under their more customer-friendly policy but I had already bought a new one from Amazon so I stored it away.  Last week, more than two YEARS later, the new Amazon hair dryer quit (same reasons as before) and I was able to install the stored dryer in 10 minutes.  I urge Amazon customers to always consider invoking the manufacturer's warranty and remind everyone that being able to reprint the Amazon purchase record provides &#34;proof of purchase&#34; they needed to honor their own 1-year warranty.  I also  am upgrading this product to 4 stars because it continued to perform well for longer than many inexpensive electrical appliances these days and, obviously, I like the style and functionality enough to keep buying the same unit<br />I won't purchase a third one.  I downgraded my review to 3 stars because, when functioning correctly, it is still a very decent hair dryer.  The company needs to work on their quality control issues.air dryer quit (same reasons as before) and I was able to install the stored dryer in 10 minutes.  I urge Amazon customers to always consider invoking the manufacturer's warranty and remind everyone that being able to reprint the Amazon purchase record provides &#34;proof of purchase&#34; they needed to honor their own 1-year warranty.  I also  am upgrading this product to 4 stars because it continued to perform well for longer than many inexpensive electrical appliances these days and, obviously, I like the style and functionality enough to keep buying the same unit<br />I won't purchase a third one.  I downgraded my review to 3 stars because, when functioning correctly, it is still a very decent hair dryer.  The company needs to work on their quality control issues."
"This dries my hair faster that bigger, more powerful models. I love travel blow dryers because they are easy to lift and they usually come in 1600 w or less. Bigger dryers are heavy and blow my hair everywhere. This has a surprising amount of power and is very compact. I would give it a five except that the switch is not easy to turn on and off with one hand and it's noisier than I anticipated."
"Bought this for my girlfriend, she loves it. Can't give it a 5 because she doesn't believe in them, and I haven't used it for myself seeing how my hair is nearly to my scalp haha."
I bought this hair dryer recently but i ordered a comb attachment and it cannot fit... So i bought another different one that which is bigger and they said was universal an it wont fit either.. They both are too small to fit.. Can anyone tell me a size comb attachment i can buy that would fit on this hair dryer please
"Did not expect much from such a cheap blow dryer, but this definitely exceeded my expectations!"
This is worth it especially the price!
"I've been using this as my daily hairdryer for a couple months now. It works very well, and has more power for the size than I would have expected. That being said, it's still small. It has as much blowing/heat power as my old one (huge/clunky), but I still think it takes slightly longer to dry my hair just because the size of the dryer itself doesn't allow as much air to blow at once. I do love how it is so light and easy to use though."
I have only used it a few times but so far I love it. It heats up and works as good as the one in the beauty shop that I go to. I just hope it will last a long time. I would give it a 5 star if I had it longer than I have.
"My wife and I bought this for our travels in Europe.  It works well here in the U.S., but much louder and hotter in Europe.  So far, it worked, though."
"Replacing an old one. Works well just not quite as lightweight or as hot as my old one. Would recommend, though."
"This mini blow dryer is perfect for traveling. I used it with the diffuser attachment for my curly hair, and my hair dried faster than it does with my regular dryer at home. Don't let the size fool you. It's small but high powered. I will never travel without this again!"
For the price it was worth it.<br />I like this product.<br />I would recommend it to anyone looking for the same thing.
to receive and open it seems of good quality wine in a box well protected. The number of stars not complete because I have not completely exceeds my expectations
"It works great for the price, it's not loud at all compared to a small portable one I upgraded from .  The only qualms that I have is that there's no separate set of buttons for heat settings.  Basically the higher speed setting is also the hottest and vice a versa for the the lowest."
"Maybe like you, I had a huge stylist type hairdryer I'd had for years.  After moving to a different city and a different job, I no longer needed the super power that this dryer gave me.  My hair does better air dried and if you listen to all the stylists in the media, they say blow drying your hair every day would damage it so a quick few seconds for the bangs and I was out the door.  With the limited space in our bathroom after moving, the hair dryer took up more space than was warranted for it.  Sure I wasn't spending another few dollars to buy something I already had, but the frustration of never having a clean looking sink counter had been eating at my peace of mind.    After a few trips where the hotel had a wall mounted hair dryer that suited my need just fine, I talked the hubby into putting out the funds for a wall mounted dryer.  I hemmed and hawed about which dryer I should buy.  Mostly, it came down to price and the loop for the cord.  Didn't need the nightlight, but after a couple of nights, the soft green glow came in handy when waking up in the middle of the night due to cats or a need to use the toilet.  Even the hubby who is sensitive to light at night was comfortable with it as long as it wasn't facing the bed.    The loop on the back is flat and not a circle so you have to hook the cord over it just like in the picture.  I had expected it to be a full circle sticking out from the wall, but it sits flush.  Still, the cord does stay in place so I can't complain.  I have a good hair dryer and it's finally off the counter!"
"This is an awesome hair dryer - In fact, the best one I've ever used to give my hair volume.  I'm middle aged with fine and thinning hair.  A couple friends commented that they thought my hair was getting thicker once I started using the dryer (I wish it were!).  However, those comments are directly related to how well this dryer works.  I've been using the 2&#34; wide attachment so that it really dries the roots, which adds volume and lift.<br /><br />This would have had a 5 star rating, but as others have said, the buttons are in an awkward place.  I'm constantly accidently turning the dryer off or the temp to another setting.  And, yes, it isa bit heavier than the standard dryers, but not much.  It feels sturdy and like it will hold up over time.<br /><br />Definitely recommend this dryer!"
"Despite trying many hair conditioners and smoothers, my hair remained dry and frizzy.  Finally, someone advised me it might be my hairdryer.  I needed the concentrator attachment.  I checked Amazon's reviews, and noted that this dryer did not work well on thick or long hair.  So, it seemed perfect for my short, thin hair.  And I am satisfied.  Even at the same 1875 Watts as my old Conair dryer, this one does not seem to get very hot and it does take longer to dry my hair, about 10-15 minutes longer. (I've had two ion dryers that claim to dry hair faster, and I don't believe it.)  But, I am better able to style my hair while I dry it, and am pleased with the results.  My hair looks shiny and has almost no frizz, even in the dry air of a heated house."
We hung this in our small bathroom.  It's powerful for a small hairdryer.  The night light is super bright--a little too bright.
"I have quite a bit of hair and it has always taken me a long time to dry it with a dryer.  For as small as this baby is, it does a great job of drying hair.  It is probably not for someone who styles and brushes out their hair while drying, but I am a simple person and it suits my needs.  Love that it doesn't take up a lot of space and love that it's pink.  If you're not looking for anything fancy, travel quite a bit and want a dryer for basic hair-drying needs, I highly recommend it."
"Not too long ago, I decided I'd better be proactive about having a replacement for my current dryer since I'm having to tap it on the sink to get it to &#34;click&#34; into the hot setting and start actually working.  I was surprised at the great reviews for such an inexpensive dryer, so I took a shot and bought it.<br /><br />This will remain in my drawer as a back up dryer.  It works well and is pretty quiet, but it just doesn't get hot enough or blow strongly enough to help me straighten my naturally curly but short hair.  My current dryer gets my hair pretty straight and then I use a straightening iron in spots.  I have to spend more time with the straightener with this blow dryer.<br /><br />If I were still wearing my hair longer and leaving it curly like I have in the past, I think this would be a 5 star dryer.  I would want a less-strong and hot air flow to prevent frizz.<br /><br />Still a good dryer and the price can't be beat!  I like having a back up dryer anyway--it is no fun when your hairdryer stops working suddenly and you've got to be somewhere!"
"I bought this after my brand new Revlon hair dryer stopped working inexplicably.  I was looking for a cheap hair dryer that i could use every few days when I need my hair dry faster than usual and that wouldn't crap out on me right after I bought it.  It's 3 months later and it still works great! I don't really have many gripes about it.  They only thing I'll mention is the &#34;warm&#34; setting seems a bit too cool for warm.  I've always used the warm setting in the past because I don't want to fry my hair with the &#34;hot&#34; setting and &#34;cool&#34; doesn't dry fast enough. With this hair dryer, I use &#34;hot&#34; more as the &#34;warm&#34; setting just doesn't cut it.  Other than that, great!"
"I very much like the way my hair comes out with this hairdryer.  Less frizz and dries quickly.  The only thing I don't like is the heaviness of the dryer.  It is three times heavier than my last hair dryer and after a while my arm gets tired.  If light weight is important to you, don't buy this one.  Also, I thought the price was pretty good, but I have actually seen similar dryers cheaper at Costco."
Love this hair dryer.  Purchased the same model August 2013.  It only lasted a year and a month before it started making a weird noise.  Ordered another one anyway.  The problem with my new one is the straightening attachment won't fit.  I'm using it without it.  Seems to work out okay.
"This hair dryer does the job.  I wanted a small dryer with multiple heat settings and that is what I got.  I knew it had 1600 Watts when I ordered it, I wish it was a little bit more powerful.  Great for a mans short hair.  For a woman with long thick hair you may want something with more watts.  I have only had the dryer for several weeks.  So far no quality issues.  The guarantee on the box states 5 years.  We will see.  The price is so low for what you get if I get 2 years out of it I will be happy."
"This is my second Conair 1875. Purchased this one as a replacement because my previous one was on the verge of kicking the proverbial bucket (I had that one for about 6 years).<br /><br />There isn't anything fancy about this hairdryer, but it's also pretty damn cheap so one shouldn't really be expecting bells and whistles.<br /><br />It does the job, and in my experience holds up very well."
This compact hair dryer works very well and gets hot quickly getting the job done.  The diffuser was too tiny fro my long hair. Would buy again.
"Several months later, it is working great.  I'm not sure about &#34;ionic conditioning&#34; but it doesn't cause the split ends my old Conair did so something positive is happening"
"The Conair TS127 travel smart mini hair dryer is not as small as I thought.  Be sure to read the dimension.  The handle of the blow dryer folds down which is good if you need to conform to a space within your luggage.  The high speed option on the dryer is powerful and it does dry hair quickly.  I do wish there was a low, medium, and high option.  Overall I am satified with the purchase since I only travel 2-3 times a year."
"I had a previous version of this hair dryer that lasted several years, then shut off and sparked twice to die! This slid onto the attachment I had on my wall, so it was a seamless transition.  It is very loud, hence the start deduction, but I have fine hair that dries quickly, so don't have to hear it for very long. Does the job just fine."
Good quality. Very pretty. Powerful. Only complaint is its kinda heavy so after a while it kinda hurts my hand. But I guess it's not really a problem since it dries my hair pretty quick.
"I stayed at a hotel that had these hair dryers. I liked it so much that I wrote down the name and looked it up. It is small, yet powerful, and not quite as noisy as my previous, powerful dryer. Not disappointed so far."
"So when I went to look for a blowdryer all I really wanted it have was attachments- because I realized that not all blowdryers come with attachments- especially the one for curly hair with the little prongs. When I saw this one, I was pretty much mesmerized - not only did it come with attachments( including the diffuser), but it was pink and it a had button that would reel the cord in for you. When I got it though, did that remain true? Yes! the length of the cord might not be the longest but it isn't short either- it's a rather standard size I suppose. It works perfectly like any other blowdryer. I think the only reason I am putting four stars at this point is because after being so into the reeling feature , the reel started having problems about 2-3 months into owning the blowdryer. Was it serious? No, I can still push the cord into the blowdryer and everything is working fine. So if this isn't going to be a problem with you I'd recommend it. It was a good buy, and I ended up coming back and buying another one of these for a friend."
It is easy to use and dried hair fast.
"This is a cadillac of a hair dryer. It handles more than your basic drying needs. It is reasonably priced and is made by a quality manufacturer.  It more than meets my needs by having multiple blower speeds, heat selections and a dryer adapter. The cord is flexible, long enough and doesn't easily tangle (bind up while using it). All features work well. In addtion, it is realitively quiet and the unit feels sturdy in the hand. Further, I have yet to experience my hair getting inadvertantly pulled into the dryer (I have long, straight hair)."
"When my old hair dryer died on black Friday, I knew there was NO WAY I was going to Target to buy a new one that day.  So, I hopped on Amazon, found a well-rated, inexpensive model and then paid almost the purchase price to have it shipped to me on Saturday.  Totally worth it.  This works as well as any hair dryer I've had.  I noticed that it doesn't have a &#34;cool&#34; setting (although it does have a &#34;cool&#34; button).  I've never used that setting, but if you need a hair dryer with a cool setting, this one won't work for you."
"For the price paid, it is an  excellent buy.  I bought 3 so I would not worry about having a bad hair day without a hair dryer.  This hair dryer is simple and get the job done.  Either hot or cold.  Would be great if a third option available for hotter air."
"I have purchased both, this Conair model 223NP and the Andis model 81290 hair dryer. The Andis is more feature packed (see my separate review). The Conair is a bit quieter than most hair dryers I've owned including the Andis model. I used a db digital sound meter to measure the difference, the Conair was only 76db vs. 83db from the Andis model with the sound meter set at 8 inches from the side of the dryers. The Conair is packed with 1875 watts which is more than enough to dry long thick hair. There are 2 heat settings (low & high) and a cool setting. The cool setting is the same temperature as when using the cool shot button (no heat at all). The air intake on the back is a 1-3/4 inch round opening covered by a removable lint screen. The opening is a bit small when compared to the Andis model which is larger at 2-3/8 inches and has side air intakes as well. This begs the question of reliability of the Conair because overheating of the motor is a prone problem of all hair dryers and with a small air intake opening on the Conair model, this could cause more heat build up of the motor. Only time will tell. The unit has 2 blower speeds, although I wish it had 3 for more versatility. The velocity of airflow without the concentrators attached is nearly the same for both models. Air temperature at maximum is 162 degrees on the Conair and 198 degrees on the Andis using a digital temperature probe set at 3 inches from the nozzel without the concentrator attached, all be it both models will dry your hair quickly and satisfactory. The retractable cord is nice and measures 5 feet + 3 inches with 5-1/2 inches that does not retract into the handle. The retracter is a bit stronger than the Andis model but it will still require you to help feed the cord all the way to its end. The dryer does come with a 3 year warranty but the Andis model comes with a generous 5 year warranty. Both the Conair and the Andis models weigh nearly the same and the ergonomics are virtually the same.  My favorate choice between the two models is the Andis because of the longer warranty and the design & feature advantages it has over the Conair (see my separae review) but given all the features of the Conair model and its stylish color and includes a defuser attachment, I give it a solid 3.5 stars.favorate choice between the two models is the Andis because of the longer warranty and the design & feature advantages it has over the Conair (see my separae review) but given all the features of the Conair model and its stylish color and includes a defuser attachment, I give it a solid 3.5 stars."
"I wanted a hairdryer with decent power/air output, that was fairly quiet, at a decent (consumer) price. I was tired of other weak hairdryers that didn't have enough air output, and found this one had the power to dry my thick hair. The finish is a nice rubberized maroon color that looked good too! It's pretty easy to hold, smaller in size and weight, and has a long cord. The lint screen on the back is easy to access too, which is often what causes a hairdryer to lose its air flow, so that's super handy.  I actually purchased a second one of these online (the first one broke, my fault, after I slammed it on the counter oops :S) after Wal-Mart stopped carrying them so I'm a happy customer reviewer (and I'm pretty picky)"
"Easy to install, easy to use. The noise, some people complain about, comes with the size; how do you expect to blow 1600W through such small opening. It suits my needs. I'm giving 4 just because it's too early to make any conclusions regarding quality."
"Dries fast and a bit quieter then my old dryer.  Because of the wider nozzle its seems like less air, but the dry time for my hair is the same.  Perfectly happy with my new dryer."
"Wow, it is huge ... and not just huge for a &#34;portable&#34; ... I mean huge.  Now maybe it's because this baby is an 1875 watt job and all our other current and prior hair dryers are 1600 or less.  When it is open, it is bigger than any other hair dryer we have ever owned.  When it is closed (folded, for &#34;travel&#34; -- heh, like this would handily fit in a suitcase) this thing is almost as big as my dopp (shaving bag).  Fortunately we travel more by ground so we don't worry much about suitcase space.<br /><br />And, as others have mentioned, the cord does not reel in all the way without help or retries.  We can live with that.  Even once the cord is stored, the cordstop leaves about a foot of cord out.  It wasn't a surprise because other reviewers have mentioned this too.<br /><br />On the plus side it does dry hair quickly.  FYI, all the girls in our family have long thick hair.<br /><br />A very important feature this dryer has -- and a major reason I chose it -- is that it does have a &#34;medium&#34; heat setting.  (Most just have high and low, with low being very low.)  The reason &#34;medium&#34; is important, especially on a high wattage unit, is that &#34;high&#34; can blow circuit breakers.  If you don't whether you have 20amp service on an outlet, you may really want the medium setting.  (Ever try to get a hotel to reset your breaker while your wife's hair is wet?)  The &#34;medium&#34; setting dries hair just fine.  The high setting dries hair scary fast, but I'm not sure how good that much heat is for your hair in the long run, but it is nice to have when you're in a hurry.<br /><br />A word of advice about any high wattage appliance with a cord reel:  always pull the cord all the way out regardless of how much you need.  I don't know if it tells you that in the manual but it's always a good idea because a coiled cord carrying a lot of current will get hot.  From staring at this unit, it is possible the hair dryer draws the cold intake air across the cord reel so they might have thought of that already but I wouldn't rely on that.<br /><br />Anyway, this is a great hair dryer as long as you know before buying about its size and the price is certainly right.the cord reel so they might have thought of that already but I wouldn't rely on that.<br /><br />Anyway, this is a great hair dryer as long as you know before buying about its size and the price is certainly right."
"It is the right size, not to big for the bathroom and with a lot of power"
Solid performance right out of the box.
Like most reviews I have the same comments.  A little heavy but doesn't really bother me.  I wish there was a removable grill/screen on the back to prevent hair from getting in.  I like that it isn't too loud.  It is a good hair dryer and a decent price.
"I purchased this Hair Dryer for my wife and she likes it very much. She said it worke's as good as a more expensive one she had used. The on/off buttons on the handle are a small problem, they can be hit by accident."
"I like this hair dryer, but it gets way too hot. I can only let it run for about 30 seconds before I need to push the cool air button. I also wish it had a separate switch for the heat setting. Like warm, hot, cold."
"I bought this hair dryer to replace one that is so loud, it's making me deaf.  On high setting, the 1069S is not quiet, but it is quieter than my previous one.  The low hum of the motor also make it more bearable.  More importantly, the high/hot setting does not produce the type of heat the can burn the scalp if left in one place too long.  Yet, it still dries my hair like my old one.  I'd give it a 5 star if it was quieter like it's advertized."
Decent heat temperature and air flows.  A good hair dryer for the price.  Lighter weight than the last silver model I had.  That one lasted for nearly 10 years with every other daily use.
"I love this item have no complaints about it, it dryes my hair just the way i want it to do it, is hot but no burnng, my only problem is that i want to bring this blower on my trips to India, and it doesnt really work there cause of the voltage!!i got to useit the last time - i didnt really investigate about the voltage there!- so i had to use adapters and it didnt really give me it 100%; once i got back from India and i started using it here it was just awsome! i wish i can find the same one or a similar one!! PLEASE HELP i need to find the item but with 220 or 240 instead of the 125v that it is now, can you recomend any item??"
GREAT hairdryer it is so light and works so well.  This is my second one the first one quit working because I wrapped the cord around the dryer and broke the wires at the end that goes into the dryer.  My own fault and I am being very careful not to make the same mistake again.  Lost without it while I waited to get the replacement. Great settings for low and high heat and slow and fast speeds plus the cool button. You really can't go wrong with this hair dryer. I am now on my third dryer and the same thing happened to this one the cord broke just past the reinforced cord portion. I will continue to purchase this hair dryer because of all of the other features because it is so light weight and the heat and drying speed controls. Just wish the cord would stop breaking.  I was care not to twist it around the dryer this time but it still broke.
"I got this to put in our guest room and then, comparing it to my vintage model, claimed it for myself. I don't know how much &#34;times&#34; have changed since the last time I bought a hairdryer, but I was surprised at its slightly reduced output. It's light, though, which is an improvement, and it's easy to operate, so I like it overall."
Works great but a little heavy.
Works great. Little bit heavy
"The hair dryer works well. I purchased it based on the 5-star reviews it had received from the few reviewers available at the time. Light weight... various heat settings... positive and negative ion adjustments... etc. My only disappointment is the price. I've tried better or comparable professional hair dryers that are about $20 less expensive. I thought this dryer would be better than those, given the price and excellent reviews. It isn't. Oh well! Still keeping it. Rationalization: It's a perfectly good dryer."
"This was a good purchase for the money and for what I needed.  I don't use a dryer daily so I didn't want to spend another $150 for a hairdryer for which I wasn't going to use often.  High setting is very hot so I use the medium which is more than hot enough.  A little light weight which isn't really a bad thing.  I was used to my old dryer which was a professional, heavier dryer."
Love the dryer because it is small -- wish the price were not quite so high.
"I have the wall mounted turbo, and decided to purchase one for our new camper.  I do prefer the wall mounted one but didn't want to mount in a camper."
"Believe it or not, I actually bought this to replace an 1875w Dryer by Revlon that was at least 10 years old. I was used to having a button for heat and a button for speed of fan. I see only the one button and it has heat and speed together, I think. There is a cool shot button too. Guess I could read the direction booklet if I did not throw it away. Either way, I like the dryer. It has a trip button on the outlet plug that is a safety feature that helped once on the old one when a thunderstorm went by and I was using the dryer.  A good feature. The dryer is lightweight."
"Great little dryer, blows strong and price is just right. Biggest down side as others have mentioned is when you press the cool button power goes down quite a bit. So unfortunately there is no way to blow a lot of cool air."
"Travelled to Brazil and were a bit afraid that for the value it would actually work well on 220v outlets, but it works great so far! Only problem is the attachment is very lose and does not stay on, falling easily and frequently while drying my hair. But still, I recommend it!"
"I bought this blow dryer to replace another one that I bought online (the previous was not powerful enough). I really like the cord feature but it can hurt you if you aren't careful. It retracts VERY quickly! Overall, I love the blow dryer and am happy with my purchase."
"This Remington D-2009 T-Studio dryer may be the best value on the market for this type of dryer.   Pros: Low-pitched, quiet motor, not too heavy, variety of heat and speed settings, very well made, dries with relatively low heat.  Cons: High setting so powerful I couldn't use it to style my hair, and although my hair was very straight and sleek using this dryer, I felt it dried out the ends.  Neutral: I prefer a wider barrel opening; this one is quite narrow.  If you want a powerful, quiet, well-made dryer, this is it.  If you want a gentler dryer, this isn't it."
"It's about time there's a nice working hair dryer that pumps out the heat to dry hair quick. I'm a guy with short hair and this dryer does the job in 2-3 minutes. The dryer has a heavy and solid feel to it. Not like the light plastic feeling dryers. Also, the retractable cord actually works!"
"It is a cheap product, and will work, but it will definitely take time, especially if you have a lot of hair to go through."
This dryer has plenty of power and is not too loud. Haven't used it alot yet but so far I really like it.
Bought it for the girl friend for when she stays here. She likes it and she has a fair amount of thick hair. 2 temperature settings and a hi low fan switch. Unit does its job.
"I love how lightweight, fast and VERY quiet this hairdryer is. The reason I dropped it to four stars is because it has a tendency to tangle my fine (not thin) hair, but the pros definitely outweigh the one con. Fine-haired women just need to be careful about pointing the dryer down the hair shaft to keep the tangles at bay."
"This is a solid hair dryer. The settings are sufficient, and it will blow your hair dry fast. I use it on my short hair, and it dry and voluminous in less than a minute. My wife uses it to do her long, think, asian hair, and she is very satisfied. No complaints about this dandy little device.  Update on July/2015 After 2 and 1/2 year using about 2 times a week, it started to break last month and we're getting a burnt smell sometimes. While in using, the power would go on and off. It's a good price to start with. I think we got good value out of it."
"I won't lie, the color of this blow dryer caught my attention before anything! The reviews seemed decent and the price was great so I thought if go for it.<br /><br />I'm glad I did. The blow dryer works really well! It dried my long hair really quickly, and my hair holds on to water forever!<br /><br />The only thing that dropped a star were the locations of the switches. These aren't normal buttons you can avoid; the entire front of the handle is made of two switches that you slide up or down to control heat and air power. I haven't accidentally changed the setting on myself, but its just an always spot and not easy to avoid."
Currently on the 3rd hair dryer in 10 years so happy with product and cost is very reasonable.   Availability of wallmount dryers is limited to a few models.
"EVERY TIME I use this to dry my hair (most of the time I let it dry naturally, but I use a hair dryer occassionally) I receive compliments on my hair! GET IT!"
"This is the second version of this dryer ive had. Almost exactly the same setup as the first. Great power as usual. I have a LOT of hair so power is essential to speed up my morning routine.  My only complaint, just like the model before, is that the hot air comes out of the separation between the buttons and the frame and can bother my hands. It's manageable, and again I'll take it because of the power. The other thing I should mention is that I had the first version for over 3 years before the motor finally gave in. So good purchase as it lasted a while."
"I take this hair dryer anytime I travel. It's small, but still has the drying capabilities of a 'normal' sized hair dryer. Purchased this through Amazon a few years ago and it's still working as good as the first time I used it."
"This is a great standard size blowdryer.  It has multiple heat and power sessions, and the internal cord storage helps keep clutter down in the cabinet under my seat."
My 5 year old is taking on more responsibility with her personal care.  My hairdryer was much too big and heavy for her to manage on her own.  I found this dryer and it is absolutely perfect!  It is lightweight and the right size for her little hands.  She loves the color and the zebra storage pouch it comes with.  One minor complaint is that the high setting is loud and quite shrill; a much higher pitch than my blow dryer.
"Arrived right on time, performs very well, is quieter than expected and is compact for traveling"
"It works fine and it is really small. On the other hand, the cable and the plug are incredibly big for this kind of stuff...."
"This has a lot of different drying options (cool to high heat), although it only goes from low to high on the speed. A medium speed would be great as the low is a little TOO low."
"I purchased this peel because I wanted something that might help to fade any small freckles/sun spots developing on my face, as well as fade small wrinkles near my eyes. I am Asian, with a medium-light complexion that is already fairly wrinkle and acne-free; but I was starting to see more melanin spots on my face developing, as I didn't start using sunscreen on my face daily until age 30 (I am now 35). However, my skin does tend to be oily in the T-zone, and I would still get an occasional pimple on my forehead or under my cheekbones on a regular basis.     After using this product, I noticed that my already scarce breakouts became practically non-existent, and though some of the small freckles on my upper cheeks haven't faded much, my skin does feel and look smoother and clearer. I don't use concealer, powder, or foundation (I can't stand the look and feel of it on my skin), and only use Shiseido SPF 55 for the face on a daily basis, but this seems to be all I need to still look pretty flawless, which I attribute to some of the peel's effects. I originally only used the 35% glycolic acid peel sold by the same company, but decided to try this lactic acid/glycolic acid combination to see if it would have a different or stronger effect (it does sting/tingle more than the 35% glycolic acid peel alone). I usually use this product every 7 days, and leave the solution on for a full 10 minutes (it stings and tingles, but this doesn't bother me much; leaving it on this long doesn't cause any hot spots on my skin, either, but my skin is pretty resistant to a lot of environmental insults). I also notice that small blackheads and sebaceous plugs in my forehead and nose will loosen easily and can be pushed or exfoliated out more easily after using this peel.     Overall, I think this is a good maintenance peel for those who want to slow (or possibly even reverse) the subtle signs of aging, i.e. development of melanin pigmentation from sun exposure, smoothing the surface of the epidermis, possibly neutralizing fine lines, and decreasing acne. I will likely continue using this product, until I become adventurous enough to perhaps try something different and stronger (i.e. a 70% Lactic Acid peel). The price is right, too, and won't cost you the overhead you might pay for having the same type of peel done at a medi-spa."
"This is the first hair dryer I have ever owned that did not leave my hair smelling like smoke.  I am a black woman with natural hair (absolutely no chemicals nor weave) and my hair is more susceptible to dryness and breakage.  Therefore, it is extremely important for me to be extra sensitive and mindful to the type of products I use on my hair. This dryer did not pull my hair out, no burnt smell and I didn't mind the sound quality, afterall it is a hair dryer not a fan. The only negative I have is that the buttons can easily be depressed while blow drying your hair.  So you may have to double check a few times as I did to make certain you are using the right temperature on your hair.  Here is a tip I learned, when planning on using hot curlers, flat irons etc. please cool your hair down first (the cool shot button truly does help)and use a non-buildup non-oily heat treatment.  The more natural and/or organic the better. Wait at least 10 minutes or longer before proceeding to styling. Heat from the dryer with immediate usage of other heat sources can cause stress and unnecessary damage (or more damage) to your scalp and hair. Also, when using the pik, if you come in contact with a tangle, PLEASE do not force the pik thru.  You will tear your hair apart.  Use your fingers or a detangler comb to separate the tangle, then proceed in continuing drying."
"It dries my hair, and i have noticed a lot less frizzies and fly-aways since i started using it. The cord is on the short side, i'd say maybe 4-5 feet long when stretched. The color is pretty much exactly as it looks in the picture, definetly pink. The cool air function is very nice to have. It's light weight and fits in my hand very comfortably. It's not too loud. All in all, does what it is supposed to do in a quick and comfortable fashion. I definetly recommend this to anyone willing to dry their hair within a few feet of the outlet they plug it into!"
"It's a powerful little dry and it comes with a lot of attachable heads if your the type to use it.<br />It gets pretty hot on the hottest setting and in fact will turn off by itself if it overheats, turning itself back on later once it's cooled.<br />Dries well and is definitely better than my old lower watt Conair."
"I bought this for my wife, wasn't sure because as seen on TV products are often very gimicky... but she LOVES it. A few women I've told about the gift thought it was great too.  It's bulky and heavy, but that's a good sign that it's built well and will last. The suction cup was large, but it has fallen down once. Because of it's size and weight, attaching it and pulling it off the mirror every time you use it is not an option, but it's a little scary leaving it up all the time. (tip, don't put anything expensive underneath it). (better tip: thoroughly clean mirror and blo-and-go with alcohol before application.     I wish this came with an option to attach securly to wall with screws. The image shows it attached to a wall or a door, but I highly doubt it could do that... needs a completely clean flat surface like glass.    Other than that, I am satisfied."
"My hair dryer finally died after - well, I'm not sure how old it was... maybe 25 years?  Read many of the reviews on this and decided to give it a try.  EXCELLENT hair dryer; it has a cooling button to set the curl which I forgot about.  The first time I used it I styled half my head and suddenly remembered this button - which is actually very easy to use, takes less than 10 secs - the first time I tried it the curl was definitely MUCH better then what I had just using the heat.  I had to go back and redo the first half and was so pleased.  The blow dry was excellent; it didn't fall during the day; the bounce was still in my hair the next day (after sleeping on it).<br /><br />I never had this good a blow dry with any of my older dryers, so the new construction really does make a difference.  Dried my hair in half the time.<br /><br />The only reason I gave it 4-stars is the design of the handle.  It's much narrower than my old dryer, making it difficult to handle and difficult to get to the cooling button.  I'm hoping I get used to it over time because it kinda keeps slipping in my hand."
"is holding up well, i enjoy that the warm is enough to dry thick hair"
"I've wasted my money on several hair dryers that didn't measure up because the bonnets never fit tightly. They wouldn't stay on my head properly, the heat would seep out and took hours to dry my SHORT hair.  Now, with this dryer, these problems are solved!!! It has a nice snug fit with the drawstring attachment, the heat stays in and my hair is dry in no time! I love it. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because I wish the hose was longer. Other than that, it's a great product!"
I love this hair dryer.  When I read the previous reviews I was skeptical but I have heard really good things about this brand so tried it.  This hair dryer is very quiet and it dries very quickly.  I have thick hair and my old dryer was very loud and it got very hot but it made my hair feel hard and burned afterwards.  This one leaves my hair feeling very soft and manageable.  I love this hair dryer.  The buttons are in odd positions but I love the dryer anyway.
"I like how it has a low, medium, and high setting.  (Havent bought a new dryer in a while:)  i just wish the concentrator was a bit thinner since that would cause less frizz."
"I bought a Chi Ion, Low EMF blow dryer in 2005 when another one of my cheap blow dryers broke.. I was fed up having cheap blow dryers that never lasted. I loved the blow dryer, it lasted me till a month ago. Guess the $110 I paid for it back then was worth the 6 years I got out of it. I was looking at buying the same one or at least a Chi blow dryer again, I just didn't want to spend the same amount of money, I was hoping to stay under $60. I did a bunch of research and saw that this blow dryer, T3 Featherweight, was on the list of best blow dryers the last few years and saw the price was close to what I wanted to pay and $30 cheaper than the Chi I had before. I also saw that it said it was a fast drying blow dryer like my old Chi, which I prefer since I have a ton of hair. After using it for over a week. I think it works pretty good.. not much difference from my Chi I had. It's lighter than my chi and it's made of some kind of plastic like material. It also looks solid white and black in the picture, but it's actually got some kind of silver pattern going on over the white which I'm not thrilled with, but it's not the reason I bought the blow dryer so I'll get over it. Seems to take about the same amount of time to blow dry my hair as the chi, maybe a little faster. I usually take about 8-15 minutes to blow dry my hair depending on how detailed i get with it, like I said I have a ton of hair. (thick Mid-back length hair)<br /><br />Why I give this a 4 instead of a 5, I prefer my Chi a little more, maybe it's the solid feel of it. I think it's maybe the material, it feels too light.<br /><br />The biggest test is going to be to see how long it last. If it makes it 5 years + then I will be happy with it."
"As much as I hate to admit it, in conjunction with the Cricket Technique 400 thermal brush, my hair is as closest to a salon blowout as I have ever gotten it! It feels light and airy like it does when I leave my hairdresser. It is relatively quiet, the design is very nice - I like the smoothness of the handle. Love that it comes with concentrator and diffuser as I use both since I have naturally curly curly hair! I am pleased with this and will update later if need be because I JUST received it in the mail today. I also have long hair and didn't have a problem with the back as some others have."
top heavy so hard to move around but warms up quickly.  gets really hot so u don't have to put the setting high
A little larger than I thought it would be. Very easy to place on the wall. I would recommend this item.
So far works well!
"the hair dryer is good,but the brush bristles are too soft!"
I was pleasantly pleased with this hair dryer on my recent trip abroad. It will likely replace my full-sized hair dryer on future trips.
I have only used this Hair Dryer twice.  The dryer gets just as hot as the ones in the salon
"I like the folding handle; saves space.  Expected to be smaller but since it folds,<br />The hairdryer is a good quality and dries my thick hair pretty fast and gives a<br />silkier texture."
"It does what it is supposed to do, and reasonably priced. I don't see any difference from my old dryer though. Dries hair fast enough, has three heat settings and 3 speeds."
"This dryer allows me to move around while my hair is drying, have conversation and  watch my favorit television programs.<br /><br />You have to be sure that you snap the bonnet seal to the tube so that it locks before putting it on.  You may have to practice a few times to know how to lock it.<br /><br />Great product!"
The only reason why I give it 4 stars is that the handle is not foldable. But for this price who cares? It functions well as a machine that blows hot air out.
Pretty durable body if closed.  Magnification  is pretty clear.  Don't like that there were  1x/10x stickers on the mirror.
I had one before and was lost without it.  Ordinary blow dryers take longer and don't make my hair look as healthy.  I could not wait for my replacement to come.
"This hairdryer works exceptionally well, and dries my hair in about half the time (10 minutes).  The only downside is that it is noticeably heavier than a regular dryer."
"For my entire half century of life, I've been blessed with curly hair which morphs to piles of frizz in rainy, snowy or humid weather.  Regular hand-held hair dryers never quite dried my very-thick hair and didn't prevent the frizz.  This one not only dries my hair, but does so quickly and a lot more quietly than any other I've used.  The best thing is that it really does reduce the FrizzFactor significantly.  I won't claim it's completely gone, but having 90% less frizz is cause for celebration and a four-star rating.  By the way, I live in HotLanta where frizzy-hair weather lasts longer than a Maine winter."
"The hair dryer has performed very, very well. I hadn't realized how much time the old dryer was taking to dry and style my hair.<br />Claire Greenberg"
The hair dryer is efficient and easy to use.  It has enough power to dry one's hair in a very short time without being too hot to bear.
"I had an old Vidal Sassoon digital dryer, which is no longer being made, that finally went out. I bought this as a replacement. I don't like it as well as the digital, but it works. The hot setting is almost too hot, so I use medium. Still dries very fast."
High heat is very high.  Like the dryer.  This is the second one I have bought.
"Certainly outperforms my current blow dryers. The immediate difference is the drying time. I wouldn't say it halves the time it takes to dry my hair, but it makes a noticeable difference. It's also relatively quieter than my other blow dryers, though as soon as you use the &#34;turbo,&#34; it gets louder. I certainly wouldn't call it a quiet blow dryer, but it is more comfortable to use. One odd thing, though: it seems to have a lot of suction (it's the only one that sticks to my shirt if I get it too close), but not a very strong air flow output for the amount it seems to be drawing in.<br /><br />4-stars so far because it's about its price; outperforms my current blow dryers but not by a significant margin. I've also read numerous reviews that this doesn't have a great product life, so I'm waiting to see about that."
"Got this for my wife. She really likes it, it is powerful, not too heavy, had great attachments for directing the air just where and how hot she wants it. Her only complaint is the control is done with a slide on the handle. She has a problem with hand strength and she has to struggle a bit to move the slide. Average person would probably not have an issue with this."
Works good.  Doesn't seem to have the output force on low speed that my previous hairdryer had (wattage is the same).  Seems to get the warmest heat it needs to be on high.  I prefer a low speed with high heat.
"works great, sometimes cord re winder does not rewind all the way which can be a little frustrating. I had a model similar that lasted many years so when it died I bought this and it works the same and has the same issues with the cord winder. However I still like it very much as it does blow alot of air which is why bought it again."
"I was skeptical about buying such an expensive hair dryer. However, my best friend had one and I tried it on a trip. I thought I liked it but still wasn't sure about spending the money. My stylist let one of the other girls dry my hair one day. She used one when drying my hair. I commented on how soft and smooth my hair was. I usually get my hair flat ironed to get the same effect. She didn't have to. I called my girlfriend to see if her hair dryer was the same brand and it was. So I bought one. I love it and haven't flat ironed my hair yet! The only thing I was dissapointed in was that the warranty doesn't apply to the purchases from Amzon. I just hope it lasts for a long time so I don't feel cheated. Overall I am very impressed. I didn't realize that a hair dryer can make such a difference in your hair. I say go for it!"
"This is a great hair dryer with one major flaw from my standpoint. It does a great job of drying my thick, coarse and frizzy hair in a short period of time and without as much frizz as other hair dryers, even my previous Conair. I was pleasantly surprised that it is quite lightweight. My major concern with it is that the finger control to turn it on and to high, low and off is very cheaply constructed and designed. My previous Conair dryer was easy to maneuver with my thumb but this has been redesigned to look sleek but not have enough gripping surface, especially when you have hair produce on your hands. I often find myself using my opposite hand to try to nudge it upward and have almost broken the control off with my (short) fingernail in the process. I much preferred the lever control of my old dryer and will be interested in seeing how well this control stands the test of time."
"This product works very well with me especially I have short hair. The only weakness of this product is the hot air has a hard time to flow to the top of my hair.I have to pull the bonnet up high on my head to the upper hair to dry. However, I cannot style my hair without this machine any more because this one works very well and save time."
works great and dries hair fast.  only complaint is the cord is not long enough for me to plug in my cabinet
"I bought this after trying a Remington dryer at a friend's house.  I was so impressed with the speed and fluffiness of my hair that I just had to have one.  It was then that I learned that all hair dryers are not the same.<br /><br />This Remington dryer dries my hair twice as fast as my old one and the attachment allows me to concentrate heat where I want it, so I don't get the frizzies.<br /><br />This is the professional version of my friend's dryer.  It is noticeably heavier, and probably not necessary for a 2-person household.  On the other hand, it will probably last forever.<br /><br />It's dark brown with light pink buttons, which is aesthetically pleasing, but had no real impact on my choosing this model."
"There's a learning curve with this dryer. What I've learned:<br /><br />1. Don't dry your hair all the way (if it's curly) The frizz will erase all the work you just did.<br />2. Place your hair cradled in the dryers teeth and THEN turn it on. Hold for as long as you need, then turn the dryer off before moving to a new section. Any time this dryer is not full of hair and right up next to your scalp, it's making a frizz mess.<br />3. After drying 75% of the way, stop and clip up your roots to avoid flat head. I find that the hair next to my scalp is still a little damp and susceptible to flatness.<br /><br />It's a fine dryer, and I use it occasionally when I'm in a hurry, but for curly hair (I'm a 2c/3a with fine hair) I find it's always best to air dry."
"Its good but its heavy and it will tired you out really fast so be quick and efficient. Also it gets kinda hot too so you wanna be double quick! Or just stop, and wait a few if you're heat conscious like me."
"My new Conair 1875-Watt Pro Style Hair Dryer works just fine, but my previous one (same brand and same wattage) was much lighter to hold. I'm getting used to it but was hoping when I ordered it that it would be exactly like the one I had, since it lasted for years."
Nice blow dryer so far had about a month blows very strong and gets pretty hot I have long very frizzy hair and blows it straight with a round brush pretty quickly.<br />It's pretty heavy but I don't mind the weight. 4 stars due to nozzle falls off if you don't push it in tight ever time you use it but other than that no complaints.
"Not a bad dryer! Yes, heavy, but sleek as can be and doesn't burn my hair."
"I don't like that high pitched whine that comes from some blow dryers. I had to rely on reviews here to feel comfortable enough to make this purchase, so I am returning the favor.<br /><br />This blow dryer is sturdy, substantial and quieter than any dryer I have owned previously. The price was reasonable and the shipping prompt. Note it doesn't fold for travel, but that wasn't a factor for me."
Have a small bathroom and use it a lot outside of my house. Great for travel. Wish it had an intermediate setting (only low and high).
"Great little hair dryer. It's so hard to find one in this style. It's not too big, and its settings are pretty basic.<br /><br />I gave it 4 stars because the barrel of this gets incredibly hot (the coils make up almost the entire barrel), so it can be hard to handle when you're done and want to wrap things up and put it away. It has to cool off first in order to do so.<br /><br />Other than that, it does the job and I do like it. Great replacement for my old one that died on me randomly one night."
"I purchased this dryer because I have another Conair model 1875 that I absolutely love - and I want an extra to keep at work.  This one isn't quite as quiet or as quick at drying as my other model 1875, but nevertheless, it is much quicker and quieter than my old regular hair dryers.  I would definitely recommend the product as a replacement to an older or non-ionic model hair dryer."
It definitely gets hot. Somewhat loud though.
"I bought this to replace my wall mounted dryer that I bought for $5 at a yard sale 15 years ago which finally bit the dust.  I didn't really believe the tourmaline hype but this dryer does seem to make it easier to comb out long, tangled hair.  And the hair seems silkier when dry.  I would give the product 5 stars except you can't turn off the night light.  I've mounted it inside a cabinet where I can shut the door but otherwise would have to put ugly black tape over the light.  With so many studies showing that light disrupts healthy sleep, one would think that manufacturers would stop putting night lights on everything, or at least offer the option to turn it off.  If I wanted a night light, I would buy one.  I shouldn't have to put up with one on a $50 hair dryer."
"I would have given it 5 stars, but the toggle switches for speed and heat are located where you grip the handle, as you can see from the picture, and I'm constantly turning the heat back up because I've hit the switch while drying my hair.  Lots of cool attachments I haven't tried yet."
But somewhat noisy.  This is a big improvement over my 15 year old Conair with a higher volume of air pushed out.  Works like a hair dryer should with a compact form.
it was one of the cheaper hair dryers  but it worked as agreed<br />it is exactly what i expected and it came fast
Best hair dryer I have ever owned.Love the cool setting.It makes my fine straight hair shiny and silky but still gives it volumn.I dry it part way on the medium setting and finish with the cool.It takes a little longer to dry but my hair looks amazing.Four stars only because for me the extra long cord is way longer than I need.I can see where it would be useful to a lot of people though.Nice weight for anyone that has issues with arthritis or tendonitis like I do.Throw out your drug store hair dryers and make the investment.You wont be sorry.
"A big loud, a bit heavy, very strong."
"I am very picky with my hair. I've only used hair dryers $100+ so buying this one was a huge risk for me! I have very long, straight hair that without any heat comes out wavy and sometimes frizzy. This hair dryer is quieter than my old one and definitely dries my hair pretty fast. My only problem with it is that the attachment falls off occasionally and the cord is insanely short."
"I have thick, curly, coarse hair that frizzes horrendously.  I have to completely and forcefully dry it in order to tame it down.  I've bought dozens of blow dryers in my lifetime to battle my hair, most from the drugstore.  Despite having consistently mediocre-to-poor experiences with these cheapies, I stupidly found myself continuing to buy them.  I have no fewer than 4 unused Conairs relegated to the hall closet because they don't perform acceptably.  And that's in addition to the countless ones that I've thrown away when they broke.      So I finally decided to change tactics and buy a higher end model.  My hair stylist recommended the Elchim brand, as that's what they use in the salon I go to (Vidal Sassoon salon).  It's definitely a step up from the Conair, but there are some things I don't love about it.    Things I Like:  -Good, strong air flow  -Feels Solid - plastic feels strong and not flimsy.  I've only had it for a few weeks, so it remains to be seen how durable it is compared to the drugstore cheapies, but it feels like it won't break as quickly.  -Long cord so you can move around as needed  -3 settings each for air flow and heat    Things I Don't Like:  -Hottest setting is extremely hot.  I burned my finger by touching MY HAIR after drying a lock on the hottest setting!  Unfortunately, the medium setting isn't quite hot enough.  So I've been using the hottest setting and moving it around fast so it doesn't heat up one area long enough to fry my hair or my fingers.  It's tiring and I'm hoping it doesn't damage my hair long term.  -No cool shot.    Overall, seems like a step up from the cheap drugstore dryers because the air flow is much better and it feels more durable (we'll see if that proves true over time), but for some people it might not be worth paying twice as much."
"Recently purchased this again to replace a unit in our bathroom that has been there at least 6 years. And ... that unit still runs but the thermocouple switch that shuts the unit off when it overheats has &#34;worn&#34; over the years and has begun to engage a little too quickly. (Note that not keeping the lint filter clean will cause this issue as well, due to restricted airflow over the thermocouple).<br /><br />Indeed, a pretty darn good unit for the money. After a couple of years of use (literally, used hundreds of times in that period) the &#34;ears&#34; or &#34;fingers&#34; that hold the dryer became worn, or loose, so the hairdryer would fall out. This was solved by placing a strip of Velcro on the inside of each &#34;ear&#34;.  Would have given product 5 stars if this had not occurred. Found that this easy &#34;repair&#34; needs to be repeated every couple of years.<br /><br />From my experience, definitely would not hesitate to recommend. Conjecture is that those who experienced short life with this appliance may not have cleaned the lint filter as often as required. From personal experience I know it's easy to put this little chore off. If you have had this product only a few months and you start experiencing the unit shutting off before your hair is dry - this is the thing to check."
Have used this hair dryer for more than 2 weeks. It works pretty well. It has enough heat for the different settings. It seems to have less statics compare to my old hair dryer.
"I have thick hair so sometimes it doesn not want to hold the style that I wish is to hold but the Chi Ceramic Flat Iron works better than most other flat irons I have used and and leaves my hair silky and smooth.  So far I have not noticed any hair damage or breakage, A BIG PLUS."
"Love this hairdryer! It's small, quiet, and quick to dry your hair! I haven't really used hairdryers in the past so I don't have much to compare it with but when I used my sister's for the first time, I knew I had to have one of my own! I also give it points for being sturdy since I'm a super clumsy person and have dropped it on the floor a ridiculous amount of times without any resulting damage."
Hair dryer works fine and  is powerful. However it is a bit loud and the retractable cord is a bit difficult to use at first.
"I absolutely love this little dryer, it is so manageable to use.  I did buy it because of an injury to my arm, only allowing me a limited range of motion.  I was concerned as to how I could possibly use a hair dryer.  This one certainly fit the bill.  It is lightweight, and dries my hair in such a short time.  It also comes with attachments and a nice little case. For me, it works better than any heavy, bulky one I have used before."
"We needed a hair dryer for my baby after getting out of the tub. This little dryer does the trick. It gets a little hot when on the high speed, but as long as I hold it several inches away from his head, it's fine. Can't beat the price and the size, it fits nicely in a top drawer when we have guests."
Great product!! Only thing is base gets really hot after 5 min.
"The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I agree with some of the other reviews, it should be longer.  I wish about 4 inches longer, and it'd be perfect!  However, its not a huge issue, when I use it in the shower I can scrub my back from above my shoulder, and then from below to get my lower back.<br /><br />Also, you can't tell from the pictures, but the brush needles are held in place by glue, not staples as I think someone else had written.  No rust should occur on this since it's all plastic."
"This hair dryer dries fast and it is easy to use because it is lightweight. I carry the dryer in my gym bag, and even though it doesn't fold down, the light weight makes it so i don't mind. There are several settings, which are convenient too. I still have frizz after my hair is dry, but I use a flat iron to fix that."
THE HAIR  DRYER WHICH I purchased from Amazon was just what I needed.  we were able to install it in the same place as the previous dryer ; both were from sunbeam or oster.
"I use foam rollers to style my hair overnight; and sometimes they're not quite dry in the morning.  So I pop on the bonnet of this hair dryer and voila!  Half an hour later my hair is all dry!<br /><br />This product is pretty lightweight so it's easy to travel with, and it seems pretty well made.  I've used it about a dozen times without any problems.<br /><br />One thing I'll say though is that it's kind of hard to squish all the stuff back inside the carrying case ..."
"I've had this hair dryer for about three months and am overall really pleased. My previous hair dryer was about five years old and kicked the bucket. This one is much better than that one, though like I said, it was a little older. It dries my hair in about half the time and I use both of the diffusers that came with if often.<br /><br />My reason for giving four starts over five is that the placement of the buttons for speed and heat are RIGHT where I want to put my hand while using it. They are pretty big, so if I keep my hands there I often hit them. Readusting my hand solves this problem but since it makes it a slightly less comfortable experience, I think four stars is appropriate.<br /><br />I have not (yet) had the issue of the outside wearing off, mine still looks new."
"My hair is very thick and curly. I used to to blow dry my hair as straight as I possibly could, and it did a fine job of achieving the results I wanted. It's sturdy and I love the attachments."
My wife is happy with the product. Seems to be content. Only issue honestly. Easy to install but the instructions are horrible. Could of been done in 5 minutes but was confused with the pole connection. It's more than just meeting both parts together. Someone can damage the piece easily.
"I have had this for less than a month. I love it. But after the 2nd time I used it, it started sending BLUE SPARKS out! It is the best hair dryer ever, and I'm afraid to use it because it might explode or set my hair on fire. I know there is a warranty on it. I have just emailed Remington, but have not heard back yet. I would have given this 5 stars if it wasn't SPARKING IN MY HAND! Hopefully they will send me new one."
Bought it for my wife.  It dries her hair.  I have used a few times to heat up some metal a bit when applying a protective coating.  Made sufficient heat.  I say it would be just fine for your hair.
I like the compact size and light weight of of this dryer. And my hair is noticeably smoother!<br />My only disappointment is that I thought there were more heat settings - the product description says 3 heat/air speeds. It is actually only 3 air speeds + a cool shot button.
"I really really like this product. It does a great dryer my hair (I definitely get a salon quality finish with it).<br /><br />However, this is the second Yellowbird I've bought in 2 years. Both of these stopped generating hot air within 9-10 months. Just blows cold air. It's the oddest thing."
This is a fine hair dryer... I am sorry it is so large however as I have a tender shoulder...  That makes it hard to use at times... The dryer however is a good one.
"I can't locate the serial number for this anywhere, so I have to wonder where these came from. On the other hand, they are very light, quiet, and dry my hair more quickly than my $20 dryer did. I have medium texture curly/wavy blonde hair, and it makes my hair shinier than I'm used to with just the blow dry, but not really any less frizzy. However, the dryer is very hot which seems to make using my flat iron take longer since the hair seems to have already been heat-styled into a specific position (pouf) with the dryer - my old dryer didn't provide such an effect. Interesting tradeoff, but I would keep the T3 over my old one."
"This is the 2nd or 3rd Conair I've owned, and I've found them all to be durable, well-constructed appliances. This hairdryer--maybe even more than the previous model--leaves my hair especially smooth and sleek. It dries hair quickly, and the concentrator attachment really works well so that you can put the dryer right next to your brush. My two complaints are related to the retractable cord function: 1) The dryer is heavier than a usual dryer because of the cord reel, and 2) The cord is not very long, maybe only 3&#34;. Neither of these things may be a problem for you. If you specifically WANT a retractable cord, the extra weight is worth it, otherwise, it's just extra weight. And if you don't need a long cord, if your outlet is right next to your mirror for instance, the short cord is no big deal. But just keep these things in mind"
"This is the third time I have purchased this dryer over the last 10+ years.  They have each had a different name, but the same features.  I have fairly long thick hair, and need the multiple speeds and heat settings available on this model. (OFF is NOT a speed!) The first 2 each lasted 5 years or more, and for an inexpensive dryer that gets used every day, I think that's pretty darn amazing.  Only one tiny complaint: the cord needs to be a bit longer...  I was going to purchase a second dryer to leave at the beach house, but 2 weeks after the original purchase, the price had almost doubled.  Boooooooo..."
My only objection is how large it is.  Why can't they make a travel sized dryer with a brush attachment?
"Ihave 3 indoor cats and only one of them likes this bed.  But the one who does LOVES IT.  I bought two and the other goes mostly unused.  Will saved it for a spare for the one who loes it.<br /><br />The hair dryer that hangs is good.  I love that it hangs out of the way including the little piece to keep the cord up  I bought it mostly to keep it out of the way of my grandson but like that it cuts down on clutter.  The high speed is good and dries well and is pretty quiet.  The low speed is very, very low and not much good for anything but final dry of bangs or ends.  I have fine, thin hair so it works ok for me but I doubt it would do the trick for someone with thick hair.  I usually dry my hair with the high speed until it is mostly dry and then use the low to style it."
Dryer is good but after only having it a short time the retractable cord does not work like it should it only retracts half way.
This is a professional hair dryer that works with hair stylist is better than ever I guess...Because I didn't hear any complaint or comments from my wife so far!
"This was my second purchase of this dryer. The prior one lasted many years and was still working when I replaced it. The only problem with it was the plastic buttons were cracking and falling off so I glued them and kept using it. I like the new one just as we'll, it's efficient and well made. I do tend to accidentally change the temperature setting when I'm using it simply because of where the buttons are and how I hold the dryer. I recommend this dryer despite that."
Love it. Drys my hair fast and now I can dry with one hand instead of two hands. It gets really hot two. Only use the small comb attachment. I wish it had a thicker brush attachment.
"I selected this modeal as I had a previous model of this same hair dryer that finally failed after a few years of good service.  I purchsed the model 134R and it fit on the previous model's base plate, so I did not have to re-mount to the wall.  The light is now a LED version, which saves power but but puts out much less light than the older model- so it is not really suitable as a night light for the bathroom as the older model was (otherwise I would have given 5 stars).  The dual dryer settings are useful and the high setting is quite powerful- plenty for ay hair type in my opinoin. It is a noisy unit and can get quite warm, but performs as I expected. Overall, a good value for the money."
"the hair dryer itself is very good & just what i wanted, however,the wall anchors that the dryer is secured to the wall with are useless. Dont know why a company disregards how important these small things are? another trip to Lowe's!!"
"This dryer is works really well on my thick (African American and Mexican American) hair and very quickly. I bought it mainly because of the comb attachment. It's slightly heavier than other hair dryers but is also more visually appealing. If you switch attachments while you dry your hair this isn't or you, they get very hot. Hope this helps."
"The hair dryer looks and works great, but the bright neon green nightlight is truly ugly.  Thought I would just press the gfci switch to turn it off, but the button has a rubber overlay that is very hard to push.  So I opened up the dryer and disconnected the light."
"There is a big difference in my hair using an ionic/ceramic dryer. I would give this one 5 stars except for 1 thing. A blue light goes on when using the ions. Shouldn't be a big deal - however, it's right in your eyes as you dry."
Heavy duty dryer.  Great construction.  Only problem....the on/off switches are a little hard to move with wet fingers.  But overall...still good product.
"I thought I purchased a child's toy hair dryer. This is very small and doesn't feel very well made, but I have been using it for 6 months and I actually really like it! It works well for me - note that I have very fine hair, so if you have thick hair, it may not work as well. But I really can't complain and I would probably buy it again!"
"Bought this to replace an old one that finally expired after about 4 years. There are were a few minor issues. First the power cord is much shorter than the previous one which necessitated remounting to a different wall location. Had to paint the wall to cover the repaired area. Second, there needs to be a way to dim or turn off the night lite. It is so bright you can make moves with it. A 4 1/2 star unit, 5 with light control and going back to a longer cord."
"I guess I wasn't reading the description quite right when I ordered this dryer, I was hoping it had 2 levels of power plus 3 temps. But at low temp the dryer blows less air, and at high temp it blasts my hair making it hard to style. So I just use the medium setting - medium heat/medium air flow. I do really like the folding feature and retractable cord. They make it so much easier to store in a bathroom vanity drawer. It is not lightweight so don't buy it if you are looking for a lightweight travel dryer. It's more of a space-saver in the bathroom rather than the suitcase! I do like the Andis brand, not sure if I would buy this particular one again because of the temp/air flow issue, but it is definitely well made and worth the money."
"The hairdryer is not overly powerful but I have long, thin hair so it does the trick. I wish the cord was a little longer but I'm sure it will relax over time. I agree with other reviewers that the night light is a little too bright. I just unplug it at night and since I installed it directly over the outlet this has not been a big problem. Overall I am satisfied with my purchase and it keeps it off the counter. I particularly like the little attachment to hang the cord."
"This is a great little hair dryer and I like the various settings.  My only complaint is that it's a bit noisy, but that's to be expected with most compact dryers that put out any volume of air."
The stand might be the only ineffective part. I am still having a hard time screwing in the wheels to the stand as I feel they are not compatible. I cant tell you how the rest works because I am still having issues with the stand.<br /><br />Okay so I finally fixed the wheels (my way) and was able to use it with no difficulty. The product worked very well and heats well. I would recommend if this is a starter dryer for someone.
"Purchased this item because I'm needing to transition from no-lye relaxed 4b or 4c hair to natural hair. As stated, by many hair professionals of African American hair studies, that grade 4b or 4c hair is prone to dryness and needs plenty of moisture. So, I was looking to wash my hair then press it, but my hair takes hours to air dry; though, it appears dried once I towel dry it... it still retains water. Dampness effects my press iron, if my shafts are not free from vapor; therally. Well, I will be using and have used this dryer to quick dry my hair and afterwards press it. Both heat tools that I have now are of tourmaline and ceramic technology...I believe this system is better because they will ensure least harsh heat on my hair shafts. Glad that it adds shine to my hair and I look forward to continuous usage in the future. Yes, it's light weight and it's filter is easy to change.<br /><br />I give it 4 stars so far and leave off one because it's loud when set on high, but it's not bothersome (as with all dryers)."
"This is an updated version of my previous  dryer.  Being a senior with less arm and shoulder strength  I Love the lightness... I found it easier to handle because it has a shorter snout...but, It's almost too powerful for my new short hair. Recently had to change to a shorter style and a soft perm because of some shoulder impending surgery. Now, wish it included a diffuser.  Before surgery, I used a curling brush and dryer for styling.  Can't wait to heal and get back to pre-perm and curling brush then I'll  really be able to use the power of this new dryer.<br /><br />Update: Five months later.  Shoulder has healed. Perm is history! Using just curling brush and dryer, I have no problems holding this dryer over and behind my head. The dryer is easy to handle, its well balanced, but quite a strong blow for short hair...and its pretty loud! Wish it had another setting for less power.<br /><br />I like it well enough that I purchased another, at Costco, just like it to have as a spare."
Got it for wife to replace old hair dryer she had and she loves it don't have to sit in one spot.
Great hairdryer but I didn't get the round attachment brush and I wanted that. I tried to find a way to let the know but didn't because the writing was Asian l will continue to try to order the round attachment
"Does what it is supposed to. A noted design flaw... the hose connector to the bonnet does not couple well, or rather stay connected. I suggest that you shove the male hose part into the female bonnet part, without using the notches. It may permanently attach the tow so you can no longer use the brush or detach them, but it will keep the two secure.  Also it kind of smells weird when on."
The only reason I cannot give it 5 stars is because it will not stick to my vanity which is made out of wood. It won鈥檛 hold in place after I place the blow dryer. Does stick very well to my vanity in the bathroom (glass/marble).
Its a blow dryer! LOL. I docked a star because it has a weaker output than my old blow dryer.  I appreciate the cold setting.
So far it still working.
"I like the dryer because of the cord reel feature, I just wish it was not so loud."
I bought this dryer for my wife n she loves it...she said it's not heavy at all n it's really powerful. Not much for me to say since I don't use it ...lol..
"I had to have one for my natural hair style, and it doesn't disappoint"
its works good..this is my 1st dryer so donno what to expect n all...works for for me..so far so good...using it from almost 1 year for now...no complaints ...
I wanted to have something that helped keep counters clear.  This is inexpensive and serves the purpose. Cords don't stretch out and looks organized.
The product works very well and is priced modestly.  I like having it mounted on the wall and then it isn't on the counter.  It has three heat settings and two speeds. This is the second Jerdon wall mount hair dryer I have purchased.
"first of all , let me be clear that the materials used in this dryer are NOT first quality....on the other hand the design is extraordinary.......i use mine on a daily basis and , provided you use them with (extra) care they will last more than a year......repairable?......dont think about it .if you open the folding handle, it will break apart in your hands.......i believe its components are so cheap that they do not resist being taken apart.....this product has been (since the begining)assembled in south america, just to seek the cheapest manufacturing process."
I love this hair dryer the only thing it is missing is a retractable cord
"i am not picky on my driers, how ever the bigger i have always think the more strengh it has, so it is heavy, but i like it."
"I just purchased this and only used it once or so but I really like the way my hair feels after using it. It's a bit heavy and bulky (thus the one point off), but otherwise quite nice. I do recommend it, especially at the current price and shipping deal."
"My daughter has enjoyed using the hair dryer. She wanted a blow dryer that could handle her thick hair, and this one does."
"I Like the dryer. Good quality, but heavy. Can recommend the product. Was delivered faster then expected. USPS delivry guy did not ring the bell. Just drop the dryer next the door"
Dries hair fast. Quieter than my previous drier. Thought it was a little strange that the drier was just in a box with no packing. But it was in good shape.
"It replaced my old ConAir ionShine with retracting cord. I was able to buy those (the old ones) at the big W (you know where) for a reasonable price, but they would die about every 6 to 12 months. When the last one died, they didn't have any on the shelf (go figure). So I tried to find a replacement with this one.<br /><br />It's a shiny red color, but since it spends most of it's life in the cabinet under my sink, I don't think that's a big selling point. I like that this one has a retracting cord, and the fact that it doesn't fold in half like my old ones hasn't been a problem, so far. In fact, it's probably an engineering upgrade. I imagine the folding types break more easily.<br /><br />When I first started using it, it seemed to take a bit longer than average to dry my hair, but after a few uses, it seems to be &#34;broken in&#34; now. I like that it has cold, warm or hot options and low or high speeds. So, all in all, it does the job for a reasonable price and offers the retractable cord (which is a must for those of us who a bit OCD). Only gave it 4 stars because, well, it's not made of gold (which would probably melt from the heat anyway)."
"I've been using this mirror for ten to fifteen years.  Recently, the bulbs went out and I discovered that there's no easy way to replace them, so it seemed worth it to just buy a new mirror.  Actually, this one is a little bit better.  I think that lighting technology has changed a bit since I last bought it and the lever that changes the lighting is smoother.  My last one became very difficult to move and it eventually broke off every time I tried to move it.<br /><br />All in all, the option to change the lighting is fantastic and it gives off plenty of light to be able to do my makeup in low light situations.  I'm hoping it will last another ten to fifteen years, this is well worth the money."
"I love the speed with which I can dry my thick, medium length hair and really like having a brush attachment.<br />The only complaint I have is that the bristles of the brush are so soft that they flatten with the first use and are not at all effective in separating my hair while drying it.  If they would only make the bristles firmer, I would give this product 5 stars."
"I am a hairstylist and demand high performance from my tools. This dryer is quiet, light weight and gets the job done fast. The only downfall is there is no cool shot button."
"Felt weaker than my other 1875w hair dryer. That said, it is affordable and compact. If one uses it for travel and not daily use, it is probably fine."
"This is a great hair dryer. It's powerful and dries my hair quickly.  The only draw draw back is that it's pretty heavy. I can handle it, but if you have trouble holding your arms up long enough to blow your hair dry, you may want to look at a different product."
"I use this blow dryer at least 4x/week and so far so good. I have had it for about a month now. The only complaint I have is that the concetrator falls off really easily. Then, if I want to put it back on, I have to wait at least 5 minutes, because it is too hot to touch. So basically, I do half my hair with the concentrator on the blow dryer, and once it falls off (cause it always does) I just do the rest of my hair without it. Other than that, a good product for the money!"
"Although I'm wary that the dryer may go out in the next 8-10 months or start to develop a strange scent (per previous reviews here and on other sites), I am for the most part happy with my purchase ESPECIALLY for the price of $20 for a hair dryer that is still being sold in Ulta and other stores for up to $55. The dryer does have side buttons, which for many people was an issue, but the dryer I had prior had the same feature and it doesn't get in my way now as it didn't then. The hair dryer is light/medium weight. The swivel cord hasn't been an issue for me either. This is after 1 use but I believe it is going to work out wonderfully.<br />(Also note: make sure you dry your hair 1-2 inches away from the hair itself or else this or ANY dryer will burn out quicker than it normally would!)"
will dry hair very fast
"I loved this blow dryer.. :( but mine just died. I had it for almost 4 years, so it was probably worth the price, but.. i think i'd rather get a new one that lasts longer."
Its not as good as the ones in the hair salons but it does the job. I have long curly hair and I'm under the dryer for about 70 minutes. Only negative is that its very loud. I get banished to another room when drying my hair as to not disturb the rest of my family.
"Overall, very pleased with my purchase.  The diffuser stays on, which was a problem with my previous dryer (so much so that my little dog has learned to sit outside the bathroom when the hairdryer is on since the previous diffuser constantly jumped off and attacked him).  What I like most about this hair dryer is that it is quiet....really quiet...a big plus!  I think my only dislike is that the on/off is above the heat setting.  Where you naturally hold it your thumb is closest to the heat setting, so every time I go to shut it off I hit the temp instead.  Sure I will get used to it, but is something that should be fixed in future models."
"When my 25 year old hairdryer bit the dust, I needed a new one quickly.<br />This fit my budget and works, but is not as powerful as my other one.<br />I have short hair so it is not a problem, but for long hair I don't think it has enough heat."
"I purchased this as a back up to my more expensive blow drier to give to guests to use or use while traveling. I must say, this works almost as good as my more expensive type. It gets just as hot and keeps my hair shiny and also has the conveniently located cold shot button. It's also extremely cute."
It is compact size but not small enough for travel. But I use it in my room which is ok for me. It is powerful and can dry my short hair in a few minutes.
Powerful as any other hairdryer out there. Compact and ligthweight enough for my overseas travel.  And so convenient to not have to carry a converter.  I absolutely recommend at this price.
"I very much like the dual power and styling of this dryer.  The lint filter is very nice, too.  Since purchasing it about a month ago it has performed flawlessly.<br /><br />A small &#34;con&#34; is that the mounting bracket has &#34;play&#34; and the unit does not feel solidly mounted even though the mounting bracket is very tightly screwed into the wall.  To remedy this, I cut a Styrofoam cup into strips and wedged pieces between the dryer and the wall.  This tightened up the &#34;play&#34; to where the unit seems solidly mounted and the foam wedges do not show."
"Received the item quickly and packaged well. I have not worked up the nerve yet to try cutting my own hair, but have used it to cut someone elses hair and it worked fine. I am a little concerned how well it will hold up over time as the different combs are made of plastic that seems kind of light.... not sure how well it will last, and if dropped I am sure it would be easily broken. The cutting length settings work well, although I would have preferred a longer setting be available. I used the longest settings for the top (maybe 1.5), shorter settings for the side, and the shortest settings around the ears and back for a tight taper. It can cut very short and the cutting blades seem to be plenty sharp, giving a good cut. I do wish there would have been more guidance on How-To to give the user confidence in cutting their own hair. I would suggest the manufacturer prepare an online video to teach you how to use it to cut your own hair yourself. So far I have not used it on myself and need to use it a few times on others to develop confidence in doing so."
"I have used this for 1.5 years in the salon i like the dryer, actually gets too hot so i rarely use it on high heat, the cold button is placed in a good spot, dryer tends to be a little heavy when using all the time. but it hasn't given me any trouble, over all it was a good buy."
"I have both straight and curly hair (blow dryer + round brush, straight. A little curl spray & diffuser, curly), so I've owned tons of blow dryers. This diffuser is great. I diffuse with my hair upside-down & it gives me big full curls. Others have said their long hair has gotten stuck in it & that hasn't been  the case for me. Only reason I gave it 4 stars & not 5 is because it's larger & heavier than I expected."
"I had the previous model and loved it.  This model is larger and heavier,  I also runs hotter that the previous one.<br />I did not return it thinking that I would adapt to the changes which I have.  I would hesitate to buy another when<br />this one stops working."
"I purchased this hairdryer a few months ago and just recently tried to register the product on the T3 website. It did not recognize the code from the box, which was a 16 digit code. The website asks for a 12 or 14 digit code. Also, the code taped on the dryer cord is different than the one on the box. Products generally should have a warranty card and instructions inside, this one did not have one.<br /><br />Fake or not, it seems to work pretty good. It's quieter than the last hairdryer I had and seems to dry my hair quicker."
Switch buttons are not easy to change. Hot air is not as strong as I expected.
"I love the compact nature of this hair dryer.  And I like that it has only two settings, high and low.  Because it's so small, however, I can imagine that if a person with long hair used this to dry at the roots, the ends of the hair could easily get sucked into the air intake part at the back of the dryer.  I have shoulder-length hair, so it's not a problem but it seems like that could be a problem.  The only reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that occasionally the high setting blows at a low speed.  I turn it off and turn it back on to high and it works fine."
"This product is of good quality.  It's lightweight, the cord is long, it's a little quieter than my previous hair dryer.  The only thing I didn't like is that when I use the hottest setting,it's not as hot as I would like it."
It's very powerful and quite. The finish is also cool and professional looking. Just a little bit heavy than the one I had.
"My current hair dyer was very old and did a horrible job of actually drying my hair. After much research I picked this one.  It was a little heavier then I thought it would be but otherwise I love it.  I have just longer then shoulder length hair that is fine but looks really thick. It is also very prone to the frizz.<br /><br />I do also use Bumble and Bumble Prep and Straight Blow dry which I am sure also helps.<br /><br />This dryer is fast and I like the cool shot button a lot.<br /><br />It is a little hard to slide the controls in place so I sometimes use a towel.<br /><br />Overall, I'm pretty happy with it."
Works really well and retractable cord is great for storage.  This dryer is lightweight and I love the different heat settings.  Only negative is cord button is a little hard to push.
"Had one of these in dark blue for years, it finally gave out. This one is alright, but feels lighted and cheaper made then my old one. Love the retractable cord."
really does blow my hair flat and shiny.. almost too flat at times. My hair has a natural wave and this blows it out straight.
"Product purchased about one month ago and so far we are pleased. The unit dries wet hair quickly and leaves hair soft, not frizzy. A bit large in the hand, but light enough not to be cumbersome. The key verdict will be determined by how long the unit will last... as the previous 2 units (Vidal Sasson) burned out in less than 12 months."
"I like a soft bonnet hair drier, because it drys my hair softly not harshly as hand held dryers do.  And it leaves my hands free to do other things.  This particular one is compact and when everything is packed away, takes up little shelf space.  It is very sturdy too and I really like the long hose."
"Overall, this is a very nice hair dryer. It is lightweight, which is a big plus in my book. I gave only 4 stars for 2 issues: 1) noise, and 2) cold-shot button. This is not the noisiest hair dryer I've used, but I do wish it was a bit quieter. Not enough of an issue to make me sorry I bought it. I do really wish, however, that the cold-shot button could be set so you don't have to continually hold it down. My previous hair dryer allowed the button to be set and left, which I liked a lot as I use it frequently. Luckily, the overall lightness of the dryer allows me to hold the button down fairly comfortably."
Dries our thick African American hair quickly ( I have 3 teen age girls). Like being able to adjust the temperature. Like the mobility.
"It is small, powerful and came with a carrying case so very useful for traveling.  It is dual voltage rated so easy to use in USA or abroad.  I wish it came with plug adopter that are compatible with the pin arrangements in foreign countries.  For example, I travelled to Dubai and India, there they have three round pin plugs.  Without an adopter, you can not plug in this unit directly into the wall receptacle.  That can become a major problem."
"I have had multiples of this hair dryer over the past 5 years or so.  It works well - has a reasonable amount of power - and is great for travel, because it is so compact.  That said, I would not give 5 stars, because it ALWAYS goes south and inevitably eventually just loses steam and then dies altogether.  I have found that it can be somewhat inconsistent in power delivery - that appears to be a constant feature of this particular design, for whatever reason.  Still, I like and use these and do recommend them with that caveat."
"I bought my old Conair-- a very similar style-- in the late 70s and used it for nearly 30 years. Astonishing.   I replaced the cord, which had a crack near the plug, in the early 90s.  Thought about doing it again when the new 20 year old cord cracked, but in our throw-away culture, it's now much more expensive to fix.  I like this new one very much, mainly because it's very much like my old one, though this has a sturdier & safer plug with a fuse & reset button, a great idea.  Frankly, the cold air setting doesn't blow quite as hard as my old one, but the feature is hard to find, and this one still gets the job done. Overall, I'm very pleased and I'd recommend this highly."
"great dryer, but on off switch is difficult for arthritic fingers!"
Nice &#34;bang for the buck&#34;!  Only negative: the back end sieve fills up w/dust and hard to clean...
"Great little hair dryer for the money. No cool setting and low speed is really low, but I still like it and would recommend it."
"I heard about this type of product through word of mouth. I was speaking to a co-worker about hair care. She told me she uses this type of product for deep conditioning. I didn't know this type of product existed prior to our conversation. I compared prices between this product and the Leila Ali version. I purchased this version because it was the cheapest of the two. I read the reviews after the purchased, and was disappointed because most of them were negative. People were saying that it only lasted for ten minutes. Contrarily,  the product last as long as I want. However, I have not been successful with roller sets.  I just realized that it has a drawstring on my third use. My roller sets might not have came out the way I wanted because I did not adjust the drawstring and because I need smaller rollers. Other than that, its great for deep conditioning and hot oil treatments. I will try once more for a roller set. I will be content with this product even if my next roller set is unsuccessful."
"I would prefer a separate low, medium, high switch for temperature from the low,medium, high for the fan.  This has a single low, medium, high for temp+fan, with a push button to allow for no heat, just blown air.  The retractable cord, and folding handle, though, are the real pluses that save the day."
"Some have commented that this blow dryer is heavy. It doesn't seem heavier than any other powerful dryer, and it dries hair twice as quick as others we've had that are marketed as professional strength. My daughter's hair is thick and very long. I'm sometimes asked to start drying it while she puts on her makeup. It's a request I welcome: any moments w/my daughter who goes away to college are stolen. It's a far shorter task with this dryer, and neither of us end up sweating.     Re comments about the attachments not staying on the nozzle. I duly noted that, and therefore it did not frustrate me when I found that was sometimes the case. We're not big attachment users, and I know where the duct tape is! Given its overall performance, it isn't a deal breaker. I've paid a lot more money for a lot less. If this has the staying power, and doesn't burn out faster than more expensive ones we've had, it will rank as one of my best buys from Amazon."
"This was my 2nd attempt at a wall mounted hair dryer.  The first one was terrible.  The one I got rid of had a short barrel and sucked my hair into the intake in the back and ended up burning up the 3rd time I used it.  I've had this one a little over a month and it is so much better.  Easy to mount.  Easy to use.  I love that it turns off when you set it back in the cradle.  Cord gives enough to stretch down low when I blow dry my daughters hair.  Only negative is that there is no heat control.  High air setting has high heat.  Medium air has medium heat.  Low air has luke warm heat.  But since I prefer the high air/high heat it works ok for me.  I recommend it.<br /><br />UPDATE12/2012:  Around the beginning of 2012 the unit's high setting stopped working.  Or rather it works intermittently.  Sometimes it will come on but most times it does not.  This makes it hard to dry thick or long hair.  The heat & air volume on the other settings doesn't cut it if you want to dry your hair quickly or if you have a lot of hair.  Still pretty good product in terms of size/design/price and maybe I'm expecting too long a life from a hair dryer, but I do know that most of the others dryers I've owned lasted 6-8 years.  Was hoping at least that much out of this one."
The hair dryer is smaller than my regular dryer but bigger than I would have liked. It gets the job done and I like that it folds in half.
"Very fast and rightly hot. Makes a bit of noise and heavier than usual. But I still like it, for its looks and quality,"
"This is a really nice hair dryer, the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that its a little heavy for me.  It dries nicely and very quiet compared to any other dryers I have had.  I will definitely keep it, I can use the workout."
"This hair appliance works well.  No issues to date.  It came with two (2) attachments, both of which I use intermittently.  It is lightweight and easy to handle.  The button that changes the temperature of the drying air is in a bad spot and every now and then it is easy to switch the drying temperature.  Easy enough to change it back, but it should be in a different area."
"So far this has been working well, it replaced a wall hangup dryer that I had for 15 years.  Hopefully this will last as long.  I have other Andis hairdryer products which I have been satisfied with.."
"My daughter hated having her hair dried, so we bought her her very own hair dryer.  She loves Hello Kitty, so she loves that it's got the Hello Kitty stuff all over it and that made her comfortable using this item. It works fine.  We don't use it for any high end styles - just to get a toddler's hair dry before she goes to bed."
"It's missing a screw to put this together :-( Besides that.....I received it on time; it's the right size, and the price was excellent......."
"This little dryer works great, but a few words of advice if you are traveling outside of the US.  I went to Italy so I set the switch for 220v before I left so I wouldn't forget.  The first time I plugged it in (with an adapter), I double checked to ensure it was set to 220.  I switched it on low and it was working fine.  I then switched it on high, and within seconds it became red hot.  I looked at it and immediately pulled the plug as it was just about to shoot flames.  When I looked at the voltage, it had changed back to 110.  With the dryer unplugged, I set it back to 220 and toggled the hi/lo switch.  What I realized is that it worked fine on the low setting.  The moment the setting was changed to hi, it also changed the voltage back to 110.  Once I got this figured out, I used it on low for the entire trip with no issues.  Low was enough to dry my shoulder length hair."
"It lasted a little over a year and a half, which is decent for the $20 I paid. The fan runs, but the housing has separated where the silver part and black part meet, leaving a crack that allows strands of hair to be sucked into the fan/heater assembly. I'm looking for something a little more durable, even if it ends up costing a bit more. It does reduce frizz! Travels well domestically within the US, but is not a dual-voltage dryer."
I have been using this for the last 2 weeks. And for the money is a decent buy.<br />It's retractable wire is another plus. cannot comment on the longevity for now.
"Pros: quiet, small and portable, cute, works well.    Cons: needs a setting that blows just air and not heat."
"I really thought the ionic drying system was just tech hype, but this thing really dries quickly!  We use it mainly to dry the dog; just point it at a spot on his fur, and it's dry within seconds.  It's a BIG dryer, and not as quiet as we'd hoped - still scared the dog a little at first."
Everything is as says... the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is that the dryer blowers load and strong and does dry the hair but the heat temperature is not as hot as other dryers with the same wattage.
"It could be me, but I am used to a much smaller hair dryer. This felt just a little bulky for me.  Also the attachment seems useless. A comb would have been far more appropriate. With that said, it works like a charm! The temperature switch could have been better placed as well, It wobbles for some odd reason and the cooling button is directly were you would place you hand. Just seems weird. But the heat is great! I have very thick hair, this dryer got the job done. For the Price you cant beat it!"
"I really like the hairdryer. I had a previous model of the same wattage by Conair. It dries thick long hair quickly, and is not too loud.<br />The only drawback is that the barrel is too wide for my hairdryer holster hook in my bathroom. I can put it in there handle first, but that is less ideal."
Great just not happy how it cools down when I have it on for 5 minutes.
"Inexpensive. Lightweight and easy to hold. Blows warm and hot. i was disappointed as it *does not blow cold air*. Not the longest cord so you have to stand close to where you plug it in. Be careful about holding it close to your head as it will sometimes pull your hair if the intake on the sides gets too close! I have shoulder length hair and have to be pretty careful. It does a good job of drying my hair. It's not too loud, after all its a hair dryer!!"
"This is a good dryer while it lasts.  Quiet, good heat, not too heavy. But I have owned it less than six months and yesterday it stopped producing heat, just blew cold air.<br /><br />Update:  I just called Remington.  They warranty the product for three years and are sending me a new dryer.  No hassle."
Good little dryer.  Cord running from wall to unit little too short.
Nice little blow dryer. It's not too big or too small. It gets nice and hot. My only complaint is the length of the cord. This cord is a little longer than the length of any iPhone or iPad cord (3 ft). I'd say this cord is about 4 or 5 ft long and only long enough for you to use in the bathroom with a socket close to a mirror.  Other then the cords length it's a perfect go to blue dryer.
I am actually pleasantly surprised that this dryer is as nice as it is.  I was a little concerned about the quality because of the price.  The way the buttons are took a little getting used to.  I like that the handle folds in and the cord winds in.
"This hair dryer is very good, unfortunately  this dryer blew up on me In less than on month.  Please people read the policy,  before you buy read the return policy from this company.  The stars is for the product"
"'ve been through three hair dryers in the past year. One of them broke after a short fall from my hand to the bathroom counter (seriously??), the second one always got too hot and stunk up my bathroom, even on the lowest hear setting (grrrr...) And then there was the Onei.<br /><br />The Onei is just perfect! I really like that is has an ion activation switch in the handle. When you turn on the dryer, you can hear it speed and warm up - there isn't that sudden blast of metal smelling heat like the cheaper dryers I've owned. I definitely recommend the Onei to anyone who wants a quality dryer."
"The hi setting does get very hot. The lo setting works just fine and I have thick, curly hair. It usually takes my hair a long time to dry but I can sit under this dryer 20 minutes. I hate sitting under the dryer! I have gone to the salon and have to sit an hour or more under theirs! Adjusting the height might be an issue for some. If you have a chair that can raise up and down, that will be perfect. Overall, I like this dryer. I use it about twice a month for deep conditioning treatments or to set twist styles. I'm glad I made this purchase."
"I love that this has 3 different heat settings. Cuts drying time in half without using too much heat. If i had to have one complaint, the dryer itself is a little heavy, other than that it's perfect."
"Perhaps I am a creature of habit, but when I dropped my old Vidal Sassoon hair dryer (for probably the 500th time) and broke the back cage off, I just wanted to replace it with the same exact model.  Unfortunatley, since I had that thing for 7-8 years, they don't appear to make the EXACT same model, but this one comes pretty close.<br /><br />What I like:<br />- Comfortable to hold - the proportion and shape of the the handle are excellent<br />- Lightweight - so your arm won't get tired holding it<br />- 3 heat settings - and the &#34;very hot&#34; is actually hot enough<br />- Price - under $20!<br />- Color - my old one was grey, but this red is kinda sassy!<br /><br />What disappointed me:<br />- Speed - the highest speed is adequate, but it's not as fast as my old Vidal Sasson hair dryer (RIP, old friend)<br /><br />Overall, I recommend this to anyone who needs a basic hair dryer for not a lot of money, and if past experience can be repeated, this thing could last you a good half decade or more, depending on how often you knock yours off the bathroom counter."
"I have long, wavy and very thin hair. It usually take me 15 min to dry it and with this Farouk is just 5 min w minimum frizz!  I used many cheap (under $40) hair dryer one, which all were a big disappointment.   I bought this Orange Farouck 2 months ago and I am very happy w it.  To begin with the price was wonderful ( 250.00 actual price and I bought $45.00 on Amazon). It is also light weight and have soft volume ( hate loud hair dryer ) and it dries my hair in 5 minutes. If this dryer had  shorter cord or had retractable Cord I would give it 5 stars."
"I don't care for the toggle switch that goes between low and high.  It's right next to another one and is really flat, just hard to use.  Also, there is a big difference between low and high.  I wish there was something more in-between."
"Nice hair dryer for the price, but it wasn't anything special and seemed quite basic.  I didn't feel as though my hair dried any faster or looked any different than the old basic hair dryer I've been using for the past 5 years or so.  I do like the color and the fact that the cord is quite a bit shorter than the cord on my old hair dryer."
This dryer works great.  Only complaint is that it is a little bulky.<br />That being said ...... My wife loves it.
"I bought this dryer to replace an old cheapo Remington hair dryer that I bought. The Remington didn't last me long (less than a year) and in general was a mediocre hair dryer but it got the job done.<br /><br />I'll start with the cons: I have thick long straight hair with a natural wave, my day to day hair style is scrunched. I have a universal diffuser that I love to use, it's huge and has high sides that are easy to scoop my long hair into. Unfortunately the first thing I noticed about the John Frieda Hair Dryer is the unusual shape of the nozzle. It is big and short and my universal diffuser does not fit it, nor will any universal diffuser on the market (at least I haven't found one yet). So I'm forced to use the attached diffuser that came with it. It does the job but it's not as easy to use as my old one. The buttons are also in a very awkward place, right where my thumb sits when I'm holding it so I'm constantly turning the temperature down by accident. I also end up hitting the cool shot button all the time. It takes some adjustment to get used to.<br /><br />Otherwise, this hair dryer is excellent, it's extremely powerful. It has cut my hair drying time down by half. Most of the time I don't even use it on full heat. If you don't use a diffuser or aren't married to using a larger universal one, I would definitely recommend this hair dryer. If it wasn't so awesome, I would probably return it for not fitting my diffuser but I think using the included one will be an okay compromise for me."
"Very quiet and strong hair dryer, so far so good....but the button sides feel poorly made.  I have a feeling that's the first part to break."
"I purchased this product in an effort to organize the bathroom in my motorhome.  It keeps things at easy reach without falling all over the place when we're moving, or taking up the minimal cupboard space in an RV!    It definitely satisfies all my criteria.  It's small, powerful, and easily mounted in the tight space I had reserved for it.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this dryer to anyone, and especially to anyone looking to organize a bathroom that might be somewhat spacially-challenged!"
"I bought this hairdryer because I wanted one small and lightweight for traveling.  I have used it on 2 trips so far, and it works very well and is easy to pack.  The only thing I don't like is that it is much louder than other hairdryers I have used.  Since I only use this for traveling and not for regular home use, that isn't too much of a problem, though"
"This blow dryer is ok.  First of all, it's a little larger than I thought & a little louder than my Conair 1875 watt dryer.  I prefer the Conair but kept this as a spare."
"I selected this hair dryer after using the same one at a Hyatt. I like the way it folds up quite small, the cord retracts well and it feels sturdy. I have long, thick, wavy hair and this dryer works pretty quickly to flatten it out and make it smooth. The air blows out very forcefully, but doesn't seem to feel too &#34;burney.&#34;"
"I really like this flat iron, no other iron got my hair so straight and shiny.  I particulalrly like the comb which really helps to straighten my ends, which is always the first to revert.  I will reccommend this iron to anyone with naturally kinky hair anytime!  My only issue was that sometimes it was a bit difficult to manoeuvre as it is kinda large."
"This is a great hair dryer.  I blow my curly hair straight and then flat iron it smooth.  My old cheapo dryers would create a mushroom-shaped pouf on my head, which, in turn, would take forever to flat iron out.  This dryer makes my hair noticeably smoother (and much less freaky!) and cuts my time with the flat iron in half!  I did give it four stars instead of five because it is slightly on the heavy side, but not so heavy that I would return it.  I would purchase it again.  Maybe it will help me work on the muscle tone in my arms :)"
"We started using this model 10 years ago - it's so much better than putting it in a drawer or leaving it on the counter all the time.  This dryer has a night light but it's not bright enough to be your only night light in the bathroom.  We're on our 3rd Conair wall mount dryer (all the same model).  The first one lasted about 5 years - it's actually good for a hair dryer that gets daily use.  The first one died (I contributed by not cleaning it enough).  The 2nd had a little piece of plastic that broke off in the holder - when you put the hair dryer back in the wall mount, there's a little plastic piece that holds it in securely and that piece was damaged.  #2 lasted about 4 years, so not too bad for daily use (the dryer was fine, it was the holder).  Hopefully this lasts at least 4 years again."
So I received my order super quick! Ordered it Sunday night received it on Tuesday morning ! I've used it almost every week since I bought it. I have a pixie haircut and I use it to sculpt & style my hair. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because of the switch there are about 4/5 different settings from cold shot to the highest setting of high. The switch is very poorly placed and u have to carefully switch it up or down or u would most likely end up breaking it. Great product I just hope later versions fix this cause by the looks of thing I might need a replacement.
Works really well and is very lightweight. It is a little louder than I'm use to and that's why I docked a star.
"The dryer is a good value for the price.  I purchased this because the cord was retractable and it is easier to pack when traveling.  It is light weight, which is a plus as I have thick long hair as my arm doesn't get tired."
I have owned this for a little over a year and it's been working on and off for a few months now. At first it was fine but I may need to replace it soon. I use this about 1-2 times a week. Longer when it worked for winter.
"It works. Has only two controls, with the &#34;off&#34; switch located between them. I don't find this very appealing, but I do find it doesn't take very long to dry my hair with this machine. My hair is thick, straight, and shoulder-length."
"The vendor sent me the European voltage model at first and almost didn't take it back at first.  When I called back, they not only sent me another one, but two more.  Fortunately, I had the second one, because the first one pooped out after only a year and a half.  I hope that this second one last longer, as it is an expensive blow dryer.  It does a very professional job and was recommended by my hair stylist."
This hair dryer lives up to the hype that it is faster than other dryers. And it is very quiet if that is important to you. Overall I like it.
"This blow dryer works great for travel. It is small, lightweight and is very easy to convert for various power needs as I traveled from country to country on a recent trip. My only very small complaint would be that it is very loud to operate."
This is a nice sized hairdryer and has been working for about six months with daily use. My only complaint is I have thick hair so I wish it had a little more power and ran a little more hot like some of my other hair dryers.
"I  purchased this product because I understood the Ionic feature does not allow your hair to dry out.  Not true, my hair gets very dry but it is a nice dryer."
"So far, the hair dryer has worked great. I gave it only four stars because it is difficult to move the slide controls for the heat setting and for the blower setting, which are side by side. So, I just leave the controls set where I want and plug and unplug the dryer so that I don't have to change the controls after I plug it in. If I remember, I will write another review in one year, if it lasts that long!"
"There is not much I can add to what has already been written about this blow dryer. I made my  purchase based on what others had said. My experience mirrors theirs. It is a very powerful dryer, relatively quiet, and fairly lightweight. As mentioned, the buttons are surprisingly awkward given the quality of the dryer. Once you accept you'll constantly be knocking them off your desired speed and heat, you'll find this a first rate hair dryer. Wet hair is no match for this dryer."
"I needed a dryer to process permanent color faster (spritz inside of processing cap with water, cover hair completely with cap, set heat to med with low airflow for 20 mins, water turns to steam, reds are WAY more vivid, gray is completely covered, hair turns out glossy and moisturized) and to dry wavy extensions with low heat. My salon is attached to my home and I have a small clientele so I didn't want to spend a lot of money. This dryer is powerful enough without blowing a breaker and has lots of temp settings with a high/low airflow setting. This dryer does blow, obviously, so if you don't want to wear a net while drying a roller set, use an infrared orbiting processor that works without a fan."
"Girlfriend likes it. However, doesn't feel as powerful as the previous version"
"i would have given this dryer 5 stars but the controls are on the handle. i find that as i'm holding and drying i keep hitting the speed and temp buttons and changing both the speed & temp. if they would have just moved the buttons up a bit, i wouldn't have to keep changing them back as i dry. otherwise, i have curly hair that i dry straight and this has enough speed to do it quickly."
"This is the type of dryer I saw in a lot of Marriott hotels.  The cord doesn't completely coil up inside of it, there is some hanging out, so that's something that might annoy people, if they expect it to coil all the way up to the plug end.  The folding handle is nice, too, if you want to travel with it.  My daughters, who have lots of hair, use it and don't complain about it being low power, which is saying something, coming from dramatic teenagers..."
"This was bought to replace the same unit that had mysteriously stopped working after several years of heavy use. Obviously we like the performance and convienience of a wall mounted blow dryer. Nothing fancy, but handy."
"My daughter uses this. She said it's not really strong, but it shines her hair. Not bad for the money."
This dryer is relatively quiet compared to some high priced brand. It provides adequate drying. The only issue I have is the rocker type on/off switch which is inconvenient. A push on/off type switch is ergonomically better just like holding a gun with a trigger.
"I have thick hair that is a few inches past my shoulders. I dry my hair on the high hot setting. I used this for the first time yesterday and the dryer shut off halfway through the drying process. I know it is because of the safety feature that turns it off once it is too hot. I pushed the button on the plug to reset the dyrer and it turned back on for a few more seconds of drying then shut off. I turned the heat setting down to warm and was able to finish drying my hair. I do not recommend this for anyone that has thick hair that takes a while to dry like mine. It does dry sections quickly, but not quickly enough for my hair type."
"I have very thick, very curly hair that is below my shoulders and this dryer works great.  I diffuse my hair and my only complaint is that the nozzle on the dryer is a little big and is a tight fit for the largest connector to my Helen of Troy diffuser.  It is a little heavy, but I don't hold the dryer above my head when I dry my hair...if I did, they weight of the dryer would probably be a little bothersome.  The hot setting on the dryer gets really hot - which I like, and the cool shot button gets the dryer as cool as possible reasonably fast.      After trying and returning other dryers, I'm happy with this one.  It's not too expensive and it works great for me.  I've only had it about a week, and some other reviews said it stopped working after a few months, so we'll see."
"This is a very decent little hair dryer: very inexpensive, two speeds and heats, but it packs punch for its size. I wish it were some other color (not a huge fan of pink), but I am very satisfied with this purchase."
impressed with this item. dries hair fast. feels like a gentler version for hair of those TURBO hand-dryers u can find in bathrooms that feel like they'll blow ur skin off. only reason i'd give 4/5 star is b/c the loose cord gets kinda annoying when putting it away.
"I picked this out because of the cord-keeper design, and it replaced my functioning 1875 watt non-tourmaline dryer. Unless you really want a cord-keeper dryer or have already chosen the ~$30 price point, I might look around more before settling on this one. However, it does the job and I'm going to keep it. Personally, I wish I hadn't been so desperate and had spent a little more time looking, but I'm also willing to spend a little (or a lot) more money for something I won't want to replace later.<br /><br />Pros:<br />* cord-keeper - no tangled cords!<br />* good wattage - fast dry<br />* tourmaline does soften hair - noticeable, but subtle<br /><br />Cons:<br />* heavy - I like to hold the dryer vertically above my head and it's significantly heavier than a non-tourmaline.<br />* large - this is above average in size, don't think you're going to travel with it.<br /><br />Some low-star reviewers mentioned the finish coming off on their hands, and I'd just like to clarify that is a random flaw in their dryers. I have porcelain skin and use this on the highest setting for about 20-30 minutes and have not seen any finish come off - so if you're worried about that, it's not the norm.<br /><br />As far as this being a tourmaline dryer, it's an upgrade from non-tourmaline; the technology used dries the water on your hair and you should see less heat damage. In my perception, it does not dry any faster than a non-tourmaline at the same wattage."
"I bought this hairdryer because the one I had died.  It was basically the exact same dryer in a different color, and it lasted 5 years.  I believe mine died because of a short in the cable, so I am choosing NOT to hang this one by the opening at the end of the base, even though it looks like it should be hung that way.  This drier is the cheapest ceramic ionic drier I have found, and it truly works fast.  I can dry my thick, curly (though short) hair in 5-10 minutes, and it does not get frizzy.  I only use the warm setting-- hot is too hot for me, and I appreciate the cool burst though I wish it had a cool setting. It also is a standard size, so can take a diffuser without a problem-- I use it this way every day.  I couldn't live without this dryer-- it dries my hair so fast without any damage.  Also, I do not find it too heavy."
"Not as loud as other hair dryers, and has plenty of power. I don't feel that it gets as hot as some of my other hair dryers, but that's probably not a bad thing because i don't over dry my hair."
"I have kinky curly 4a hair.<br />pros:<br />I was looking for a blow dryer that had a lot of power to dry my hair quicker and make my hair less frizzy. This blow dryer does a great job drying my hair faster and it makes my hair softer and straighter. It can get very hot. Lots of power. I like that it has four heat settings. Its also very sturdy<br />cons:<br />a little heavier than I expected but its not too bad. Its four speeds but you have to play around with it to get the right speed that you want because you cant tell which is the low, medium, and high speed.<br /><br />other than that I really like this blow dryer"
"Bought for using on small rolled curlers.  The bonnet isn't the easiest to get on and off for that, but it only takes about 25 minutes to dry most of the hair that is 3&#34; long.  Sometimes the hose unhooks from the bonnet.  Need to stay still.  Better than wearing curlers for a few hours."
"for the price, this is a good product.  i have long, thick hair and it doesn't take very long to dry with this one.  my only complaint is that the diffuser is pretty small.  otherwise, it's a good dryer."
"Great hair dryer, light-weight & easy to hold. My one complaint is that the diffuser was quite difficult to attach & the instructions did not mention how to attach it. I had to read other reviewer comments for advice."
"I bought this hair dryer as a gift for my girlfriend.  She really seems to like it.  I can attest that it blows hard and hot ;-)  Is there anything else you need from a hairdryer?  Oh yeah, it has widely adjustable temperature and speed..."
I feel that this product was misrepresented since it was listed in the travel dryers.  It is the size of any large dryer and I needed a dryer for traveling that was compact to fit into a small case. It had all the requirements I wanted except way too large.  I have two large ones already.<br />IT WAS NOT COMPACT  That was my only complaint.  I sent it back of course.
"I have had this hair dryer for a few years now. It works great! The only setback is that the point started chipping after a year around the nozzle blower. Perhaps it is from the water in my hair when i blow dry? I am not sure, but either way it works great and has lasted for a long time. The attachments are a pain in the butt to put on and off :("
"I'm 34 years old and I have really sensitive, semi-dry skin.  I have some hyperpigmentation from sun damage and monthly blemishes.  I have maybe had 2 facials in my life so my skin was not used to such a high concentration of salicylic acid, or any other kind of acid for that matter.  I have used the product about 4 times now.  The first time I used it I literally felt like the skin was burning off my face.  After the fourth use it's at the point where it still burns but it's not unbearable and I can last the whole 10 minutes.      Although the peel is painful it has definitely been worth it.  I was afraid I would have a lot of dry skin on my face which would show through my makeup since I have semi-dry skin already but it honestly wasn't that bad.  There were probably 3 small dry patches but you couldn't see them through my makeup and after the second day I used a dry washcloth and wiped the dry skin off.  My skin is very smooth now and the hyperpigmentation is almost gone.  Before I would never go out in public without makeup on because I felt like people could see my age in the condition of my skin but now I have no problem going out with a clean face.  I have used a number of products of all price ranges in the past to minimize the hyperpigmentation and nothing ever worked.  This is the first product I have ever used with success.      If you can't stand the pain and can only tolerate a minute or two the first couple times you use this product you will still see outstanding results.  Also, it says to use lotion after using the peel but I have been putting on toner and that has really been a more effective way of moisturizing my skin immediately after using the peel.    I gave this product 4 starts out of 5 due to the pain.  As far as effectiveness is concerned it deserves 5 stars but the stinging is really unpleasant."
"This is a nice basic dryer.  I don't like the huge dryers, so I bought this for home use to replace a similar sized one that I've had for 15 years but was really ugly.  Aaaaaand, it dries my hair, so no complaints there.  The only thing I don't like about it as compared to my old jungle print dryer is how loud it is.  On high this thing is like a rocket taking off, so I wouldn't suggest it if you often blow dry your hair at three in the morning."
"The product was delivered on time and worked as expected, mostly. The hair drier turns on as soon as you plug it in and I found it impossible to turn it off using the switch on the handle. The switch on the plug adapter did work, and perhaps is sufficient -- but I'd prefer having a switch be able to do what it says.    I needed the product urgently so I do not plan to contact the seller."
"I've wanted one of these things forever--since I first saw one in a hotel. Every time I went to a hotel, I wrote down the brand with the intention of ordering one. Finally my old blow dryer went kaput, so I had an excuse to purchase this one.<br /><br />First of all, I don't know why the photo shows it somewhat pearly looking: it's plain old white. Second, it was a bit larger than I expected and so it wouldn't fit in the spot I had chosen for it. I ended up having to mount it above a towel bar since if it was below it would either be in the way of the light switches or it would have to under the hand towels and make an odd bulge. So I put it in myself--didn't use the anchors as I think it will stay in place without. I hung a little picture next to it so it wouldn't look so out of place above the towel bar by itself.<br /><br />It works just as expected and I love having it ready to go whenever I am. One advantage I discovered with mounting it higher is that it's never going to get caught on knobs or anything else--a frequent frustration when I'm tired in the morning. We had our first really cold day here (in the South) and I found it's also handy for warming yourself up quickly when coming out of the shower; I've suggested it to my husband for that purpose (he's bald and otherwise wouldn't need it).<br /><br />I'll update my review if I ever have problems with it, but so far it's great--just have to get used to seeing it there on the wall."
"This is a standard hairdryer. I can not say, as some have, that it made my hair look any shiner. It does dry my hair just as quickly as any other blow dryer.... no faster, no slower. The different heat settings are varied. Hot is really hot, so I just use the medium heat setting. I have only had it for a month, so I can not comment on its durability. I would recommend it, but, it is a hairdryer, I can not say it will make your hair look any nicer than any other hairdryer."
"This is the first time I've purchased a hair dryer on line.  It seems that I've had to replace my store purchased dryers annually if not sooner in the past.  I'm hoping this one is better built than the others I've owned previously.  It does seem to be a higher quality product.       I have to confess that the color of this hair dryer was what initially caught my eye.  It's a powerful dryer....certainly has shorten my hair drying time.      I like this product a lot with one exception - - the position of the buttons.  They are situated at the middle of the handle.  I end up accidentally shutting off the dryer constantly in the midst of drying my hair!  Not a big deal - - just sort of irritating.  Had they moved the buttons higher up on the handle, this problem could have been eliminated. Perhaps they'll make that adjustment on the next model.    Nonetheless, I think this product earns a 4 star!"
My stylist uses and recommended this hair dryer to me.  I have very thick hair that can take forever to blow out.  But with the Sedu Revolution it has literally cut my time in half.  I read other reviews before buying it and there were a lot of issues with the fact it only had two speeds but with hair like mine you only need high!  And a good brush!
"I bought this hair dryer after having two other wall-mount hair dryers die after just a year.  The dryer itself is a bit bigger than the others, which I am hoping will help it not to overheat, which is what I believe shortened the life of the other hair dryers.  The build quality of the unit itself seems pretty good.  It's got some weight to it and it feels solidly built, not cheap at all.<br /><br />My only complaint with this unit is that the air doesn't come out very forcefully.  The older, smaller dryers that I previously owned blew much harder than this one.  My wife prefers the less forceful air, it kind of acts like a hair dryer with a diffuser on it.<br /><br />Overall, it seems like a decent unit, I hope it lasts longer than the others!"
"Bought this to take with me to Europe.  Have used it over there twice now.  Its nice and small and works well. Wish the handle folded, but its so small it doesn't take up much space. You need a flat head screw driver or something similiar to change the voltage when you travel."
"I like this hairdryer and it works well, but I should have paid attention to one of the reviews that said the control switch is in a bd place. The switch slides on the handle, right where my hand is holding the hairdryer and it does get moved around or turned off while I'm trying to dry my hair. If I had to choose all over again, I would probably buy a different one whose switch is in a different location."
I am purchasing my 5th unit.  They last anywhere from 3-5 years.  Thankfully mounting design has stayed the same so I just take down old and put up new.  Convenience and low price is worth replacing unit.
I have thin fine hair and it is gentle enough on my hair and gives me the volume I need.<br />Thank you.
This hair dryer is light weigh and stores all accessories inside the case. It works well except the hose is hard to attach to the bonnet
Black and pink. I couldn't tell from the pictures it was black and pink so I gave it to my wife. She is happy with it.
"it's useful ,but noise is a little bigger.and I do not find the cold air ,<br />well,I'll give a good review."
"liked the heat and strength bottons. only &#34;issue&#34; is that the dryer is a little heavy, if you are using it for straightning"
Not very hot and not very strong.  I guess I shouldn't have expected much for ten bucks but at least a little more umph!  Not fabulous but a get what you pay for my toddler doesn't run away from it kind of deal that's why I gave 4 stars.  She is 2 and doesn't mind on high it blowing in her face some!
"I had a previous Infiniti by Conair model for several years, but was looking to upgrade it to something lighter with a retractable cord, which is exactly what this is. I have medium-long hair, and this dries it in about half the time of my old one. The cord sometimes doesn't go in all the way, I have to pull it back out a bit and press the button again, but this really hasn't been an issue for me, and my vanity drawer is much neater now."
"I like it very much. It styles my hair as I expected. I'd recommend buying it. Just a really minor issue - the air from the head gets really hot, need to be careful."
"I was looking for a new dryer and spent some time online doing my research.  This product was generally well-liked so I spent the extra money and purchased it.  I'm not sure it is as overwhelmingly better than all others (that's a tough claim), but I have to say that it is a pretty good product.  I have very thick color-treated blonde hair so I have to be careful not to damage it but yet I don't want it to take all day to dry.  This dryer allows me to dry my hair very quickly and without damage.  I really like the difuser too.  It is a bit heavy but that isn't a big deal since I don't take it on trips and my arm doesn't get too tired since it doesn't take too long to dry.  Overall, I rated four stars because although it isn't perfect, I do really like the performance of this dryer."
"The hairdryer is great. I like the tightly coiled cord and the peg to hang it over so<br />that is doesn't drag in the sink. However, the GREEN nightlight is entirely too bright.<br />I have to hang a hand towel over it at night to keep it from lighting up my whole<br />bedroom. It is MUCH brighter than the previous Andis wall-mount dryer that I had<br />previously."
"I have had this for about a year now and I like it. No problems at all. Basic hair dryer, not too loud, not too fancy."
"The blow dryer came before expect so thats great. everything was great<br />my only complaint is, i have thick hair so im scared i might break the combs<br /><br />GREAT PRODUCT"
"I purchased this blow dryer to replace one that had gone out on me...The dryer that was sent to me must be a new version of the same product...It is now a black/purple dryer versus the red one pictured.  Although I got a little excited when I opened the box (black and purple are my favorite colors,) once I turned on the dryer, I felt the difference.  It doesn't have as much power as my old dryer.  The &#34;turbo&#34; on the old one felt like I was in a wind storm, which is exactly what it takes to dry my long hair.  On the new version, there is hardly any &#34;blow&#34; on the regular setting, and the &#34;turbo&#34; setting only increases it a little.  My quest for a fast dry time blow dryer continues...."
Very affordable hair dryer. Came in on time. Its a very powerful dryer.<br /><br />I recommend for everyday use.<br /><br />Cons: the color and its a bit heavy.
"It is heavier than expected and doesn't feel balanced in my hand.  The opening and attachments are smaller than our previous Remington, which is what I was trying to replace.  It is okay, but I don't think I would buy the same model again."
"This replaces a Revlon ionic, ceramic unit that has worked well for several years. This unit is smaller, lighter, just as powerful and much quieter. The only minor gripe is the thumb-slide switches are a little tough to use. Not insurmountable, but if the ribs on the slider were a bit taller, this would be a non-issue. I like the black finish...it is a rubber-like non-skid. This helps keep it from slipping off the counter. All in all, a pretty good unit. BTW, this unit does emit ions and they cannot be switched off."
"This dryer was perfect blow speed for my long fine hair.  High blow was drying and so was low.  Low allowed styling unlike my other (conair 1875 which missed class on what does High versus Low mean)..  Great selections for any speed/heat you want.  On this one,  I give kudos to however designed the switches - probably a woman.  This is light-weight and had everything I wanted Except ---&#62; it did not appear to be truly ionic for me.  My hair looked terrible.  The box and inside pamphlet states ionic, but the dryer did nothing for my hair.  It was a limp flyaway mess.  Disappointed as the rest of it was great.  This may work for you and I would recommend you give it a try."
"This hair dryer works extremely well in all aspects, except that its size is quite large to be used as a travel dryer."
This is extremely easy to use.  The only flaw is that it blows harder on one side.  I have to clip the hair down.
"I've found this hair dryer to meet my needs drying my longer hair, and it's a much appreciated lighter weight than my last one. However, I do wish it was a little quieter on high speed, or else have a medium speed setting to select."
"Due to our bathroom layout, a dryer with a retractable cors and folding handle works best.  I bought one of these three years ago.  It was used almost daily by my husband.  Due to his current hair style (short on the sides, missing on the top),  each use was for less than a minute.<br /><br />When it stopped working (just wouldn't turn on), I looked for another model, but this was the only one with both the handle and cord features.  Easy decision. I ordered another and put it in his cabinet.  The next day he tried it (he forgot his old one had broken and said that it only went on for a few seconds before it would turn off.  It turned back on without any resets, but repeatedly stayed on for only a few seconds.<br /><br />So, I dug out the box from the recycling and returned it to Amazon.  Two days later, the third one was in his cabinet.  Three weeks later, Dryer #3 is working fine.<br /><br />Basically it is a decent, no frills dryer that does exactly what it is supposed to."
"This baby is powerful. Several folks have complimented me on getting my hair fixed, but I did it myself with this dryer recommended by my hair stylist. The only drawback for me is it heavy, but I am getting used to it. Unless it breaks soon, it's worth the money. My hair dried before getting the frizzies."
I like the hair dryer.  It works great but is heavy and a little big.  Did not realize it would be that heavy as I wanted to use it when I trave since it folds up.  Will have to see how well it works to pack it.
"It feels sturdy and works well. The air doesn't come out as powerfully as my hairdryer before but it still get the job done pretty well. I like the 3 heat settings. The buttons are in a little bit of a weird place for me, when I hold it up while blowing my hair dry sometimes I accidentally hit the heat setting. There's not a lot of open gripping space."
This blow dryer works very well! Dries my hair in no time and uses less power to do it.
"It's a blow dryer.  I have never noticed any difference of any dryer from the ones my mother used on me as a child in the early 90's to all the new &#34;amazing&#34; technology.  Let your hair air dry until it's about half dry, dry the dryer with a paddle brush and only point the dryer down on medium heat.  It's all the same.  I like the cord keeper and the bright color."
This dryer has 3 sppeds which I love and it has a button for cool shot. I found the location of the button was a little difficult for me but after a while I got used to it.
"It drys my hair quickly and isn't too large or heavy to use. I wish it had a hanging loop on th handle , and it is a little on the noisy side"
"I am really fair skinned and this the only stuff that does not make my legs turn orange. I find it only lasts a few days for me though, because I shower twice a day. At least it helps me to keep from blinding people on the beach with my whiteness...."
"Works great, quiet, fast-drying.  Took away 1 star because it is a little on the heavy side, and the placement of the switches is a little awkward.  Otherwise very satisfied."
"Works great and does dry very quickly.  My only complaint, and it bugs me daily, is that the switches are right where you have your fingers and they're easy to flip so I am constantly turning it off/on while drying.  That's annoying."
"Was easy to install (instructions made installation seem more complicated that it was) and works well (no louder than your average dryer).  I like not having to unplug my dryer, wrap the cord up, and place it in a drawer.  What can I say, a minute saved is a minute earned, and I reclaimed much needed drawer space by replacing my old, bulky, heavyweight dryer with this wall mounted one.  I only wish I had purchased it earlier.  It is also very lightweight so my arm doesn't get tired when I'm drying my hair."
"Just got this delivered today, fast service. Put it together, but the directions and picture show a power on/off switch, mine doesn't have one, and instead of Fahrenheit it is Celsius. The dryer goes on when you set the timer. The picture on the box also shows a on/off button. Other than turning it on, I haven't used it. Tomorrow I will try it out."
I like this product.  It dries my hair fast.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I have only had it for a month.  We will see how long it lasts.
Initial use resulted in hearing a faint rattling sound.  I thought something was loose.  Have used it several times since then and I do not hear the sound anymore.  Does the job without bells and whistles.  Would purchase again.
"I bought this blow dryer for my daughter. Funny enough, the only thing I can comment on is because I've only seen her use it to dry off her cat when she gave it a bath. I'm not saying  she hasn't used it herself. I just haven't heard anything from her about it?"
"My wife was looking for a new hair dryer for quite some time.  She has gone through a few with her longer hair and she was sick of them constantly burning out or having issues.  The last one she has dims the lights when she would start it up and the transformer would get ridiculously hot.<br /><br />After reading many reviews of many different products, I chose this one and she absolutely loves it.  Thus far, it is a champ and does exactly what it is supposed to do."
"OK, so I got this based on the other reviews I saw.  Let me say that I went from a $150 Chi dryer to this.  All in all, it seems to dry my hair in about the same time (I have a lot of hair).  In my opinion, the main difference between inexpensive and expensive dryers is how long they last.  I've had the expensive one for about 3 years or more, no issues.  The good thing about this Revlon (in addition to the price) is that it is much lighter weight.  So, I'll keep using it until it breaks.  One other thing to note, the cool burst button is really easy to accidentally trigger when you're drying your hair. Not a big deal other than it annoys me when I'm trying to dry my hair and the cold air starts flowing and I have to adjust."
"I bought this blow dryer about a month ago, and it works really well. It heats up, had good air pressure, and the cool setting works well also. The only complaint I have is the retractable cord. The button is a bit touchy--it only works if you push on one part of it. It is also a bit difficult for me to squeeze hard enough with one hand. The cord itself is a decent length, but it is easy to pull it past the red tape that warns you not to pull any further."
"I purchased this dryer to replace one that had fewer watts and it did not have a cold function on it.  I think it does a great job, and the cold function is very nice.  It is not as loud as my old one (which was like a 747 landing in the bathroom).  The only problem that I have with it is that it is hard to turn on and off with one finger.  It might just be me but, if a person had arthritis or RA, this would not be the dryer for them."
It was bigger than I expected and heavier than expected but it works better than the diffuser that came with my other dryer.
"A great product and works perfectly.  I love that the dryer is off the bathroom counter.  The mounting directions were a little confusing, though.  And the back plate was a little tough to get off."
I have basically the same blow dryer that I needed to replace (different color).  This one is targeted for people with curly hair and the diffuser is half the size of the one that came with the older blow dryer.  Fortunately the old one fits on this new one.  Love that there are 3 heat and 3 speed settings - impossible to find at the store for some reason!
"This hair dryer works reasonably well, but I beg to differ with a couple of the comments made by other reviewers of this model. First, this is NOT a particularly quiet hair dryer. Having been used to really quiet dryers in Europe, where the EU sets noise standards on such appliances, I have constantly been frustrated by the obnoxious noise levels of hair dryers here in the U.S. So, as American blow dryers go, this one is pretty good, especially on the SET setting, but it's certainly NOT exceptionally quiet. Nor is it lighter in weight than the dryer I currently have. So buy it for the functionality, but not for the sound level or the weight. However, one big advantage is that this dryer has a normal size plug, rather than the ginormous ones with the pop-out breaker that are common on other products sold in the U.S. Our bathroom outlets already have the pop-out breakers so we don't need them on appliances used in the bathroom, so not having to accommodate the giant plug is a big plus."
"I was looking for something light and easy to store, hence the foldable handle and retractable cords. It is not light, and not small. The retractable cord can only retract half way after a few months. Other than that, I don't mind it and has gotten used to the weight. Still on the lookout for my dream hair dryer...<br /><br />Tip: retract the cord before folding the handle, cord will not retract otherwise."
This hair dryer is easy to use and dries hair fast but its a little too big so if you have small hands this hair dryer is definitely not for you.
"It dries hair, just like advertized.  The amount of 'hair static' effect seems reduced vs. my previous hairdryer.  The unit is a bit heavier than I expected, but the weight is balanced so handling is fine.  It's quieter than I expected even at full speed.  The cord is longer than needed in my personal situation, I find a cord that long just gets in the way.  The cord is straight, not coiled.  The big block thing at the end of the cord (vs. just an AC power plug) I find a nuisance since my power outlets are already GFCI-type outlets. Basic controls are fan & heat: 2 fan speeds + off & 2 temperatures + off.  The number of temperature settings advertized is a bit misleading - (&#34;4 temperatures&#34; is actually achieved by a combination of temperature switch & fan switch settings.)  Instructions (for English anyway) are generally lacking, but with a bit of experimentation one can figure out how to work it.  I rate the dryer 4 stars primarily for these reasons:  The &#34;Removeable stainless filter&#34; is a nice feature so hair clogs on the inlet can be removed, but getting it all back in place is not easy, it takes careful manipulation because the parts are not finely fitted and they bind easily (at least on my unit.)  Because of the binding and poor fit, I was afraid of breaking something in the precess of putting it back together after cleaning the filter.  The ad says: &#34;Includes concentrator&#34; - I assume this is supposed to be an attachment to put on the nozzle, my unit did NOT come with any extra parts.  All things considered I think it's overpriced and in some ways the ad is misleading.  I do intend to keep it, but will shop around again if I ever need another."
There aren't a lot of hard hat hair dryers around any more. This one is not too expensive and gets the job done. My only complaint about it is the plastic smell which was overpowering the first few times I used it. I'm happy to say that did subside. Would buy again.
"This is my second Andis dryer because my first one died on me, but the dryer is very reasonably priced, and does the job on blowing out my thick, long hair."
The size and weight make this dryer very easy to use.    The on-off switch was difficult to turn on and required opening up the handle to move a bunch of wires out of the way that were blocking it.
"I bought this to replace another Andis 1600W hangup hair dryer I have used for 13 years. I thought since it was the same wattage it would have the same power, but alas, it seems a faint imitation of the mighty blower I had before. AND, the control is on the back of the handle, which makes it awkward to use, whereas the previous dryer had the control on the side, in the perfect position for ease of use. This does the job, and I do like the included night light, but it pales in comparison to my original. Sigh....."
"I purchased this dryer at the recommendation of my stylist.  I have THICK, curly hair that takes hours to dry.  I let my hair air-dry because conventional blowdryers (even with a diffuser) only add frizz and uncurl my spiral curls.  Having a wet head for hours in the winter is uncomfortable.  This dryer is fabulous.  I can dry my hair while working at my home office.  The results have been terrific.  I read the other reviews before purchasing, and use the pole and casters to move it to the appropriate spot.  So far, so good."
"This item is a little smaller than my last hair dryer, but the power makes up for any shortness in the top.  My hair dries in less time."
"I spent a lot of time researching various dryers and was willing to pay around $100 to get a &#34;good&#34; one.  I was intrigued by this dryer because of the Tourmaline, Ceramic and promise to boost shine.  I was also drawn to this particular diffuser because of the long prongs.  I was turned off by the low price because I assumed it would be poor quality.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality.  The dryer is light weight, quieter than my former dryer and much more efficient.  I have long, curly and very thick hair.  This dries my entire head in 15 minutes without burning my hair.  My former dryer took 30 to 35 minutes and didn't give me the shine this one does."
"Very sturdily built. The spring loaded wind-up cord works well and has a powerful motor. I gave it a 4 Star rating for two reasons. 1) I think it's kind of heavy and 2) the slide switches are difficult to operate on the skinny handle. They may want to consider push buttons that lock and unlock as well as using some light weight manufacturing materials or new style servo on the next model. Yeah.... Chinese,  Right?<br />After using this hair dryer that I purchased on Nov 23 2013 as it turns our I was correct in my assessment of the cheap switches. They failed today August 27, 2017. You may argue that just south of 4 years is plenty for a hair dryer, I'm disappointed in this product. Many other hair dryer manufacture's produce a product that lasts twice as long. You be the judge.........."
"I love this stuff because it has great hold and does not make your hair hard.  It sort of just holds it in place, but doesn't cause that cruddy crunchy gel effect."
"This product seems fine but I was a little concerned when I received it.  I bought it new' not used and paid the new price, however it looked like it had clearly been opened and some of the packaging was missing.  There were no instructions to explain the different settings and I don't know if there are any additional attachments.  I have a little concern about Discount Jungle."
Works very well. You only have to be careful with lid which is much thinner than the lower half.
"This thing has almost as much hot air as a politician! With adjustable temperature settings, variable wind intensity and an &#34;off&#34; switch, this thing is 20 times more responsive than any political figure currently in office.<br /><br />Temperature variations are modest, little chance of frying your skin. Controls are a little cumbersome/awkward but it works, and I don't usually need to shift around much during drying incidents.<br />Air power is effective, if not stunning. Good for drying hair, not good for blowing large spiders across a tile floor (limited cord reach and range of power). Absolutely terrible for flying kites with small dogs attached.<br /><br />I think maybe I'd enjoy seeing a laser sight attachment so I can focus drying power on specific strands of troublesome hair... but we don't always get everything we want."
This dryer has great Hot/Warm/Cold settings and makes my hair shiny and not too dried out. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because the switch to adjust the settings is difficult to push.
"More expensive than a regular dryer, but the wall mount took it off the counter.  Works well. We've had it in operation for about a month now.[[ASIN:B000RZLL38 Oster Professional 76932-710 Wall Mount Hair Dryer]]"
I like this hairdryer.  This one replaced our old one.  Our experience is that they only last about two or three years before needing to be replaced.  This is the third one we've purchased.
"This hair dryer is a little heavier than the one I replaced; however, it drys quickly, not hot to the touch, and the retractable cord is nice even though it needs a little help retracting at times.  That said, would recommend."
"Love the multiple heat and speed settings.  After 3 months though, I have noticed that some air leak out from the base of the handle, where it meets the cord.  Maybe the plastic fitting became loose from hanging the hair dryer on a hook."
"This hair dryer functions as it should and meets all expectations... however, to me, there is just one con. The fan speed adjustment slider is a bad design. I constantly like to adjust the fan speed when I blow dry or style my hair and, if not careful, the adjuster piece can pinch you palm area if it's resting in the area where the adjustment piece slides down.... not quite sure how to describe it. Well, after getting pinched once it never happened again because now I'm aware - though it sucked the first time. Just a FYI!"
"CONS: I took a star away because this is very heavy in hand and awkwardly balanced (and that is without adding the removable tip). The PROS: It came impressively/beautifully packaged, it looks beautiful, feels well made, it has a lot of drying power, and is not too loud."
it makes your hair less frizzy as you blow dry it; well worth the money...it also has a retractable cord.
"I used this first in a hotel and thought it blew my hair dry faster.  Bought for home, still love but wish it was a little less bulky.  A little heavy and hard to blow the back with a round brush and hold onto at the same time.  But it drys quick and I still like.  Love the retractable plug."
"Used to a little more power but from a small (hotel-like) dryer, it works well."
I love it but... it's a little heavy!
"Andis apparently makes products for beauty salons and barbershops.  It shows in the products that they make for the general consumer.<br /><br />Bought this model because of the retractable cord.  Great feature if you don't leave your blow dryer on the counter all day and are sick and tired of wrapping five feet of cord around the handle every time you're done.  It hangs up when it retracts every once in a while, but it keeps the cord out of the way.<br /><br />This model has more settings than you can think up reasons for.  Two power settigs - 1875W and a second lower setting I never use.  Three heat settings and three blower settings.  And then add a cold blower setting.<br /><br />Only reason I didn't give it five stars is because I also bought an Andis traveler blow dryer (RC-2) for the gym (w/ retractable cord and folding handle) that I like better;"
"I have been using this product for a few months now, and it honestly does work. Just make sure you get the pimple ASAP. I always get some pimples during, ahem, that time of the month, and it really is annoying, because I normally dont get any at all. Even if you have a big pimple, this will reduce it. It gets a tiny bit painful towards the end when its really hot, but not so painful that I have to remove it. It does leave my fair skin a little red, so I have my concealer ready. It does work,k better than creams and such."
"easy to use , not more of difficult to handle , also reset option is very useful if its stuck"
"Great dryer, just a little heavy and...the buttons are very flat, making it hard to slide on and off."
"Overall the hairblower is great.  The first one I ordered was suppose to include the diffuzer.  The first shipment came without a diffuzer. Wrote the company and they immediately sent another one out (within 2 days). The second one didn't have the diffuzer with it either.  I went back to the ad and it said with diffuzer.  So I have requested another return and pickup and asked them not to resend another one.  My hair is naturally curly and I need the diffuzer.  Yes I can buy a diffuzer anywheres, but since I paid for it with this one, I shouldn't have to go buy one. Not sure what they call a diffuzer, but the round flat attachment is not a diffuzer.  The big round attachment is what I call a diffuzer. Sorry we won't get burnt three times."
haven't gotten to use it yet. Can't get the elastic in the bonnet to open wide enough to get over the rollers. It is a painful attempt even without rollers. I will have to go to JoAnns and get some elastic and rethread the bonnet opening first. So when I finally get to use it I may review with you again.  Did it. Removed the elastic and it works much better. I will still put back in a much longer piece of elastic.
"It makes a lot of noise, but it dries my whole hair in less than 5 min."
"Curly girls, you're hair will love this. Gives my curls volume without frizz. My hair dries quicker this this dryer, but it is not super hot. The shape of it allows you to shape your air while you dry it. If you have curly hair, get this now! I do wish it had some sort of attachment that was similar to a concentrator so I could blow dry parts of my hair out. You can take off the diffuser attachment but it's not hot enough or concentrated enough to make my hair do what I want for that type of style. I have to use a traditional dryer if I am doing something other than just being curly."
"if your'e looking for a low blow hair dryer, for styling bangs or just for thin hair you should get this.  For thin hair girls like myself, you need a dryer with a more gentle blow in order to get volume.  IF you're looking for a fast dryer, this is NOT it."
"Was tired of hair dryers that died after 3 years so I purchased this.  It died after 4 MONTHS!  the heating element broke.  Very disappointed.<br />----<br />6/10/2015 update... Called customer service and they sent a replacement within a few days!  Fabulous!  Still disappointed the dryer died so quickly but with this kind of company backing up their products, I definitely wouldn't hesitate to buy from them again!"
"The hair dryer is soooo light and can dry my medium to heavy hair in about 5 minutes.  The only negative is that it is kind of large and difficult to store, but besides that, I'd definitely recommend it!"
"Be careful that you are selecting what you want.  I didn't read the description closely and thought it was the kind of dryer I was replacing that wired into the wall.  This one plugs in to an outlet and it has been a challenge to mount since the footprint of the base is smaller than the one I had previously.  My fault, not theirs, but the image looks exactly like what I had.  We eventully bought a picture frame, put scrapbook paper in it and bolted the dryer mounting to the frame and the frame to the wall to cover the previous dryer's footprint.  A bit of a challenge, but the result looks OK."
"Bonnet was very tight around the head. I took the elastic out and replaced it with some 1/4 inch elastic material purchased from Walmart, taping it to some automotive wire and threading through the bonnet. Now my wife likes it very much."
"This seems like a great hair dryer, just not for my hair type. It definitely seems to put moisture into the hair. Unfortunately, I have curly hair which I blow dry straight. It seemed that there was so much moisture in my hair that it started to curl up after a short time, even worse if it was a humid day. If you have dry hair I think you would love this dryer. Also, it is a bit large and heavy, a bit difficult for me to use."
"I ordered this because it had 1200 watts instead of 1800.  I wanted to dry my hair as I styled it and the 1800 watt dryers blow my hair too much.  The only problem I have with it is that when you reduce the blower volume, you also reduce the heat, so it takes longer to dry my hair.  I still like it and use it regularly.  Mine did not include a concentrator, but I did not ask about it because I don't use it anyway."
My wife loves this dryer.  It is very reliable and has a lot of heating for such a small size.  Fits in your suitcase and does not take up a lot of room like the professional dryers.
"Leaves hair silky and drys fast. It's a bit heavy, but I'd recommend for how much nicer it leaves your hair than an average dryer"
"I was hoping it would be as quiet as the description (I have a dog that barks at blowdriers); but, no such luck. It's about as noisy as any of them, I guess. But it is small and powerful... I'd recommend it."
"I use it to blow-dry my little dog.  It is not as quiet as i would like, but on low setting it is pretty quiet,,.but the heat is not very much...so i have to use the high setting which is as loud as other hair dryers...so dont expect a quieter blow dryer as others have commented."
"This is a great hair dryer that styles my hair well and reduces frizz/flyaways.  It's 2 heat settings, plus cool blast button enable me to round brush my hair even when it's almost dry.  My only complaint is that the buttons are in a weird place so I accidently hit the hot/warm switch or turn it off while drying my hair."
"Relatively quiet, dries hair much faster than my previous dryer."
"I bought this dryer for personal use at home. It works well to dry my naturally curly hair. It's like air drying but a lot faster. I will also use it to do deep conditioning treatments or process colors. The down sides are the large bonnet and it being top heavy and needs both hands to maneuver. The other odd thing is that when using the dryer a small clump of hair gets pulled up to the screen. At first I thought this was going to be a problem, but it's not an issue."
"Previously had an OSTER, but the last two I have had didn't last very long.<br />Trying the Conair, still getting used to the way it hangs. (Sideways)"
"It's not as quiet as some of the very high-end dryers, but it's still quieter than most.<br /><br />One of the things I like most about this dryer is the 3 position heat setting - you can get reasonably cold air without having to hold down a spring-loaded button (which gets kinda old)"
Excellent hair dryer! It takes only a few minutes to dry the hair. My only negative comment is its a little heavy...
"I'm always afraid of product being greasy and/or clogging my skin.  With Moisture Surge, there's no fear of that.  It smoothes on easily,  is instantly absorbed, and leaves a lovely surface for applying   makeup or (if in neck area) just feeling soft and enriched.    I use my fingertips for application and they are also left completely  dry in mere seconds, so no searching for a rag or tissue to mop off   excess... there simply isn't any need.  You can immediately put the  top back on the tube to save it from drying out.  Having moderate skin, I can only guess that someone with excessively   dry dermis might not find this sufficiently moisturizing.  Also just a   guess:  the younger you are, the less you probably need.  I'm not a   spring chicken and I find a little does go quite a way.  There is no odor and no wetness left a few seconds after application.   Just lovely feeling skin.  I wish I could afford a larger size, as this is   not inexpensive (my rationale for 4 of 5 stars only).  Oh, and one final   trick for this or any product: always, but always, feather upwards from   chest to chin - don't give gravity any more help than it naturally has!"
basic starter hair dryer i use it to straighten my hair and it works for it. i do not use it for much else it does have a very fast dry and a slow dry it also comes with this bowl looking attachment and a this cover looking thing.
It works fine till now. the only reason i give only 4 stars because the light that is a bit annoying. there is no option to turn it off when not in need.
"It only has high and low modes, or off. For the price, the size, and options, it has dried my hair faster than that blue Conair from Target. My hair is dark black, thick in volume, and takes a long time to dry. You can ask all of my hairstylists. So this one is great for your money."
"We have long thick hair in this family, and it's way too weak to do the job without taking forever. So,  I ordered the  Babyliss Pro Hair Dryer Ceramix Xtreme Pink Edition - BABBPK2000, and it dries our hair in 2 or 3 minutes completely.  We'll put this one in our travel bag and use it when we travel.  It would be fine for someone with short hair, or thin hair that doesn't take too much time to dry.  It's nice and quiet, too."
"I ordered this because I wanted a powerful. non-ionic, non-tourmaline, non-ceramic hair dryer... which is almost impossible to find now, as I'm sure you realize if you're looking at this!  I am VERY happy with it!  I only have a couple of small cons... one is that the dryer is fairly heavy, which I only may be noticing because I'm getting old!; the other is that it is slightly difficult to regulate the temperature to the level of warm I want... it's not too bad, but is slightly warmer than I'd like.  If you, like me, are searching for a dryer of all the nons I would recommend this!"
It's bigger than I thought.
I wonder if they will ever produce a microwave that only beeps once!
"So far so good! I'm not enamored with the constant beeping when things are done, but when one of my kids use it, it allows me to give them an evil stare & ask them if they are using the microwave. When I was looking to buy a new one, I had my evil redheaded stepchild  (Relax!, he is over 21) check out the specifics of the 2 machines. He said they were identical. However this one is slightly larger & performs much faster than the one it replaced! Still, not a problem, but I have to wonder why the old one took much longer to perform the same thing;!"
works well and an an advantage i had not thought of is that the 5 y/o can use it with supervision.
i am please with this purchase. its the only portable close washer i have purchased so i can't compare products. e spin cycle isn't veryeffective but it washes well. you can put a pair of man size jeans and a couple of tshirts. at one time. i purchased a two year protection plan just in case.
"Wish the cord was longer, but I really like the way it fits into the corner of my countertop. I have a small kitchen & it doesn't take up a lot of space."
i hate that opening the door moves the microwave towards you and out of its place. Thats my only complaint.
I would have given it five stars if there was a handle on the door to grab on to so that's why I decided to give four stars.
First time I've purchased an appliance through Amazon. They delivered it on it's SIDE for some reason (I guess the arrow pointing up was confusing?) but it works nonetheless.
Not english .. I cannot read...
Love the compact size. Hate the fact that the turntable keeps slipping off the base. You have to readjust it every single time you use it.
No problems - as yet.
god model
I am satisfy
Just a little too small for me.
Did the job and has held up even after a year of use; it has extended the life on the microwave.
Still learning how to use it.
"Love the form factor, but a bit difficult to read display"
Microwave performs as expected and was a good value. Only complaint is with the alarm that sounds when the timer is complete. 5beeps is a bit much and the alarm does not stop even if you open the door until those 5 beeps are complete. Small issue but annoying all the same.
"I bought 3 of this. if you sand/clean you microwave throughly, you only need to buy 2 to spray it"
only one I could find to fit in space.  couldn't use all the others because once installed was unable to open door because it is next to an extended wall.  I hunted all  over for a microwave that the door hinge was about an inch from side.
a little bulkier than I expected. bigger than the old one I got in the 1990's but fits on the counter
"I found it cheaper at Lowe's by $150.00. Too late now, it's too cumbersome to return.<br />It pays to shop around."
"Had 6 months.  It works fine as a microwave, but the control pad is a little small and you have to be careful where to push to get the button you want. Window is hard to see the food through, and it always fogs up making it even harder. I like the favorites program, but they should build in an automatic delay between stages. This is because if you program 1 min at high, and 1 min at 50%, you actually get about 1:15 straight high. A third stage would also be nice.  I don't like the push button door latch.  It takes a lot of effort, and if it gets dirty, is hard to clean because it pushes in 1/4 inch without any effort, making wiping it hard. It should have s simple handle."
"I expected this microwave oven to be smaller than it is. I was hoping for a small microwave to go in the craft room for my wife because she spends a lot of time in there and her coffee often goes cold, and instead of having to get up and leave her work, she can reach over and reheat her coffee. I didn't want something that takes up a lot of space. Well, this is about as small as I've seen, but I thought there were smaller ones. We don't have a lot of extra space so we bought this one. It works fine, I personally don't like the bright blue LED clock on the front but my wife doesn't mind. It does what it's supposed to."
"Bought to fit in an 18 kitchen base cabinet, hidden behind a door. 1000 watts would be better, but this is the only choice for my requirements. I like the simple controls, as I use it only to rewarm leftovers and melt butter and chocolate."
"I bought this fridge for my college son who lives on his computer. The only setback is that he says it doesn't accomodate larger cans of drinks. Other than that, he says it is the coolest invention!"
"Very nice microwave, great price"
Was pleased with the packaging and easy instructions to set it up. Worth $55 and that it was 'Prime&#34; order.
Works Really Well
"Good price, has continued to work very well since December 2014 (8 months). My only recent complaint is that the glass carousel no longer seems to fit tightly over the plastic gear in the center. It therefore makes a rattling sound as the gear turns. I don't see what could cause the loose fit. Nevertheless, the carousel does turn, just not very quietly.<br /><br />Otherwise, great buy. It is still easy to clean. I love using the 1, 2 and 3 settings for one-touch cooking times of 1, 2 or 3 minutes. I really like being able to turn the microwave on for 30 seconds by simply touching &#34;Start&#34; one time. Some people have complained that the door is hard to open so that when the large &#34;open&#34; button is pushed, the entire microwave moves, but I have not had that experience. I seldom use the programmed settings for vegetables, popcorn, potato, etc. I had a bad experience burning a minibag of popcorn - the microwave didn't sense a need to stop cooking. However, it's fine for baking a potato.<br /><br />I do not understand the benefit of the rather extreme concave back to the interior, which contributes to the 1.4 cu ft interior volume. But the size is right for me regardless. Certainly this was the best buy on Amazon for my purposes."
"Although it slides when you open the door, this is a great product. The size is perfect and it works great.<br /><br />Because of how my kitchen is designed, I cant push my microwave against the wall.  If you can, then your microwave will not slide."
Solid microwave for a good price.
"I just received mine and, when it's running, you can see the interior light shinning through a gap on the top corner. Not sure if this is normal or safe, so I've submitted a question about it. For now, I'll give it a 3 star review for looks and the slightly annoying BANG! the door makes when it closes, pending any heating and an answer to my question. I'll update then. I'm attaching pictures of the gap.<br /><br />UPDATE (9/26/2015): Well, the gap doesn't seem to be a normal feature, but it doesn't seem to affect the operation of the microwave oven in any way. I mostly use it for heating up leftovers and it works great for that purpose, have not tried it for any serious cooking. The loud door is far more tolerable now after a few uses, barely noticeable. Updating my review to 4 stars, won't do five only because of that gap."
We ordered it for a boat that we are rebuilding not real sure how its going to work yet. But it fits where we wanted it just perfect and we like the looks. That is about all I can tell you at the present time.  Terry
Needed one in a hurry and my teen bought this. It's pretty powerful. It looks as if there are many brands that are actually this same machine.
"Purchased this for college student and it has not been used yet. Still in the original box. Looks nice, however."
"Our microwave was working fine, but had a number of rusty spots.  I cleaned the inside really well and sanded the spots to bare metal.  There was enough paint in the can to cover the spots as well as put a light layer on the remainder of the interior.  i.e. to give a uniform color appearance.  The only issue is that it took a week for it to air out.  You could still smell it a couple of weeks later.  But eventually it went away.  Overall, I'm happy.  The 10-yr microwave continues to work well and now it looks nice again too."
"For the low price, it works very well. Compact and nice looking."
It's large but heats food up quickly and is easy to use. Only 4 star because of it's size. Make sure you have room. Mine is above my fridge which makes the push button to open the door ideal rather than pulling the door handle.
"Low power but gets the job done, and good value for the money. As a den microwave or as a small office microwave, this is perfect and an excellent value. Takes a bit longer than larger units due to lower power, but works well."
"We replaced our over-the-range microwave with a range hood. We needed a small microwave to install in our pantry and this fit the bill. It holds a 12&#34; plate and has multiple power levels for cooking, but we use it mostly for rewarming. It does take about twice as long as our old microwave but that's okay. One feature I really like is the one-touch button for speed cooking. Start will zap something for 30 seconds on high. 1 = 1 minute, 2 = 2 minutes, etc. That is quick and handy!"
"This is a nice looking unit. It arrived right on schedule and was well packaged, so no damage. Plus, all the features seem to work. I particularly like that the fan seems to be quieter than my old unit. My only complaint was, as noted by a couple of others, the installation instructions had the screws in the wrong places. Fortunately, I didn't do the install myself, a pro did it--or the micro would have been on the way back to &#34;home&#34;! The unit matches my other LG appliances, so, I'm pretty happy. I'll update this after I've used the micro for a while. Ta. y'all."
Not a power-horse but great on space for my tiny kitchen.
"Getting good use in a small office, and working well.  Seems to be well built, and holding up well in a tough environment.  Good value."
"Just a month, no issues, no particular shortcomings, nothing really outstanding, just working as a reasonable microwave should."
It's OK
Perfect for our backroom.  Very pleased with the product.
"What can you say about a part that fits specific applications? It replaced the broken turntable motor in the microwave. Now the microwave doesn't burn things on one side and leave the rest cold. So, it's great that the microwave is works again. The motor was considerably cheaper than having to get a new microwave, which is the best thing about it.<br />It was easy to swap out once the cover was removed from the bottom of the microwave. Getting to the turntable motor in a counter top microwave takes a chisel (or snips, etc.) to cut the tabs holding the cover panel to the sheet metal bottom of the oven. Then it's just a case of removing one screw and unplugging a connector. Just reverse the process and its back in place and you are in business. The cover plate may need a screw to hold it in place when you reassemble the microwave. It wasn't included with the motor, but is easy enough to find at the hardware store (or scavenge from some old, unused electronics)."
"I have had this microwave for about 5 months now and it is working perfectly. The settings on the front are easy to use, I regularly use the 30 second option on the &#34;start&#34; button, and it cooks evenly. 1100 Watts is good enough for everything I cook and I like the fact that there is a light when you open the door. I think 5 beeps at the end of cooking is excessive but I do like the fact that there is no reminder beep after 1 minute. Plenty of items need to sit in the microwave for 2 minutes after cooking and a reminder beep is annoying (personal preference though). It is big enough to take a dinner plate but still a nice size for a small kitchen. I like the look of it too - clean lines! I knocked a star off because the door button needs a lot of pressure to open and the microwave slides away from me unless I hold it with the other hand. Perhaps putting the microwave on a non-slip mat would solve that issue."
"Very nice microwave, good size, programming buttons very clear and easy to use. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is the door closure. Maybe for some folks, having a door that latches so tight you have to hold onto the oven itself when pushing button to open door is a good thing but not for me. Really wish there was a way to adjust this-a bit aggravating to have to hang on to it so I don't shove it off the stand to open the door! And one small note...I haven't figured out yet if you can use timer and then go ahead and cook in it without shutting off the timer, my old one you could and find that to be a feature I miss-have written to Danby to ask if I'm missing something on how to do this but they seem to be slow to respond. UPDATE: Danby took over a week to respond but it's as I feared-you cannot set timer and still use microwave to cook-OH WELL but definitely gonna miss that feature from my old microwave. And make sure that when you check a review for Danby microwave, it is for the actual model you are looking at-Amazon has chosen to lump ALL Danby model reviews so whereas this review is for 1.1 and 1000 watt, some reviews are all the way down to the .7 and there seems to be a wide gap in reviews."
"Tiny as promised! Not very powerful, which goes with the tiny, but it seems like they should be able to fix that in a future model.  The button to open the door requires a LOT of pressure."
good
This is a very good microwave. it is perfect for places with limited counter space. It is small. You won't be able to cook full meals with this microwave but it is perfect for basic microwave uses such as heating up frozen vegetables and reheating leftovers. So far it has worked just fine.
"i have not used it yet but it looks exactly same size that we have.  hope it works well, then it's a great deal!!"
Good I love it. Hoping its lasting. My friends and family was excited thought I changed my dishwasher
"Works well, but same gripes as other reviewers; no handle, slides too easily."
The push buttons are ok but occasionally have to push harder to operate.
"Overall, like it and would recommend. One issue is that, of late, the door requires several pushes to open. I've cleaned the area, can not see an obvious issue but am concerned that it may worsen. So far that is the only negative I've experienced. I'm contacting Samsung directly on this one."
"I bought this M/W for use in an apartment after reading the good reviews on Amazon. Functionality and performance and even look-wise, this has been a great buy. No complaints there. But a couple of important downsides to this microwave...It is LOUD and keeps beeping even after the timer is done. there is no 30 second timer which is already mentioned in some of the reviews/Q&As. So, that is a fact..just confirming here."
"This microwave is great! The size is perfect for my small studio apartment (not a lot of countertop real estate) and the stainless steel finish looks really nice.  Sturdy construction and works very well. The light turning on when you open the door is a nice feature. I docked it a star because the buttons are a little more difficult to push than other microwaves, but not too big of a deal!"
Fits my counter top (I have a small apartment) well and I am very pleased.  Does not take up a lot of room and seems to work very efficiently.  Thank you.
My mom really likes it
"Just as advertised.  Nice looking, easy to clean and large interior .  MNo problems thus far."
"Big enough to put lots of things in, but doesn't take up too large of a space on the counter. I can say this honestly as I have less than 9 linear feet of countertop available to stick anything onto."
Fit my microwave cart perfectly and works really well.  Great microwave at any price.  I really think it's more powerful than 700 watts though.
"after sanding rust out and washing cavity, paint when on with no problem.  However, jt did take several coats to cover the exposed sheet metal.  So far the plastic wheels on the plate rotary device have NOT picked up any of the fresh paint.  Wife loves her &#34;new&#34; microwave.  Paint was totally dry within an hour.  We left it outside over night with the door open to get rid of fumes."
"Very satisfied , looking great, AAAA"
It is a cute microwave that fits into the space I had.  It is a little smaller than I had imagined and the &#34;crome&#34; on the outside is a little hard to clean.  I works well and I am happy with it.
"It is everything I wanted it to be. Got it for my 92 year old mother who had a microwave die on her. So far she is very happy wit it. Time will tell if it is a substantial product, but the price was very good."
Fine product.
"I looked a long time before I found this microwave; it was very hard to find one where the interior light goes on when the door is opened (not just when it is in operation).  This one does, is logical to operate and fits nicely on a counter top. The only thing on my wish list that is lacking is power; it's only 1,000 watts and I would have preferred 1,200 watts."
Pretty simple
very good
Works as expected. Great value.
It came with the diode which may have caused the problem and I would not have known it. Good call!
"Great size.  I only use a microwave to reheat things.  So nothing more then 5 minutes or so.  The simple display to add time by 30 second increments is what allows this to be so small.  If you need complicated time inputs with numbered buttons, this isn't for you."
"Great value for the price. Full array of function controls. Takes up small amount of counter space, yet has plenty of room for a full 10 1/2&#34; dinner plate on its motorized turntable."
"Nice microwave arrived quickly was actually 40 dollars cheaper than in the local big box stores.  very quiet, sleek look, Grill function works well. so far we've had it only a week but it seems to be doing the job as described."
"It works, nothing fancy, no bells and whistles. It's small its basic and that's all I needed. Big enough to fit a dinner plate and small enough to push into a corner, perfect."
"The color description on the can is &#34;snow white&#34;, the reality is this paint is an off white color.  My GE microwave is a bright white color and this paint did not match.  I still used the product and it worked well.  If the directions are followed, the spray applies evenly and covers well with several coats.  For my needs I liked this product better than the touch up paint with brush application.  You also get more paint with the spray can."
Works well! Great small size! Easy to figure out controls!
"Great price, shipped in good speedy time,  a very small dent that we decided we were not going to complain or worry about!  Oven was mounted, and neither of us felt it was worth taking out and starting over!!!  Works great, convection or micro- wave!!"
I have been very happy with the microwave. It fits the space I have perfectly and so far has been working well.
"Bigger than I thought but still works well for my needs. Fits right under my bed, for easy storage and use. Definitely a perfect space saver microwave."
"Have only had it about a month, but so far so good.  It is smaller than my last one, but I needed something that would fit in a small space and it's hard to find compact-sized microwaves.  I just use it for warming up things and it seems to be doing the trick."
This model is a newer version of one that we had for many years. It fits perfectly in the custom cabinetry that we have. It looks great and functions really well. We're very happy with this purchase!!
Installed easily.  So far I've baked a chocolate cake and cookies with convection method. Both turned out perfect. Microwave works as I expected.
So far I like this microwave.  It seems like good quality materials and also well put together.  It's doing a great job efficiently heating.
Exactly what i was looking for. i would of like more selection in the color
Excelent thanks
I did not care for the way the bottom of the microwave was not finished.  I need a better finished bottom.  The filter on the bottom does not fit in tightly enough.
"Fit perfect in cupboard, nice sleek design..easy to clean..haven't used the grill part yet but expect I will soon."
"Turn table motor works well. Only problem, it only reverses counter clock wise at random.  Doesn't automatically reverse direction at every start."
We have only used for quick cook and reheating and it does both jobs just fine.
HAVE HAD THE MICROWAVE FOR ABOUT A MONTH NICE SIZE AND WORKS VERY WELL AND  QUIET  SHIPPING WAS A LITTLE SLOW DUE  TO BEING OUT OF STOCK BUT SEEMS TO BE A GOOD PRODUCT MADE HER IN  USA  FROM WHAT THEY SAY ....
"I just got the microwaves yesterday and will add more when I know more.  BUT so far it is good. I like the look and the ease of use.  I cannot wait to try the grill feature.  The grill feature does make it heavier, but not too much.  Also when comparing microwaves remember to look at the wattage as this is a bit lower than some and so cooking times will be a bit longer."
"...it's been very good. It replaced a much larger unit but this is a much better size. Different controls of course but they're acceptable. The one time I used the dinner plate feature, it was spot on. The reason I knocked off one star (considered two) is because the turntable ring and plate dislodge easily if a heavy object is slid across or not centered when setting down."
"Solid, nice size...working fine so far.  Good price and quick service."
"This is a very nice microwave at a great price! I wish it was 1,100 watts instead of 1,000. That little bit does make a difference! The only thing I can say is a slight negative is the noise on start up. It is kinda loud. But I would definitely recommend this microwave!"
I like the performance of this microwave.  It was bought after our other one caught on fire.  It fits perfectly on the counter in the corner.  The only problem with it is the button for the door.  It is very stiff and hard to push.  I thought it was just me but my husband complained about the same thing.  It's not enough of a problem for it to be returned.
"Had it for a while now, so far no malfunctions. Decent size. I do wish it was a little quieter - the beeps are very loud, and it would also be nice if it had one of those buttons to press to just add 30 seconds to the current timer count, but overall pretty good."
"Entry level, small and powerful. Was here in 2 days with prime. Best way ever to shop. Recommend both the microwave and Amazon prime!!"
Covered well  prep was most work<br /><br />One can did the entire cavity
Adorable and it works great. Not as powerful as my old one but the added counter space more than makes up for it. My covered Corningware fit in it perfectly but my plates don't. a standard 11&#34; plate fits mine are 11.5. not a big deal for me but if you reheat on plates you should measure them.
It is a fine microwave but I am not that happy with it.
Like it very much- heats evenly and easy to use.
"For its price it's a good little microwave. It does slide when I try to open it since it's very lightweight and doesn't have any rubber feet. The inside is smaller than I'm used to, but I knew that when I purchased it. I was looking for small to fit in a smaller space. I don't use it to really cook only reheat so it totally meets my needs. I only gave it 4 stars because it slides across the counter when I open the door. Hopefully, I can add some rubber feet to stop this."
My niece was thrilled with the microwave being delivered to her door.  Nice size...works great!
"Very nice microwave.  I only use it to reheat things.  SIze is nice, does not take up much counterspace."
"Great for microwave purposes, looks great and easy to clean.  Grilling, didn't seem to work well as shown.  Maybe practice makes purpose.  Dont throw away the instructions if you want to try other cooking methods."
"Really great microwave. Since living in an apartment in NYC meant small kitchen space, we needed something to fit accordingly. This microwave was the largest smallest microwave! Perfect for our usage - simple, functional and good value. This microwave is rather quiet-- love that the beeping noise ends after a few distinct beeps. My old microwaves beeps forever.<br /><br />Easy setup, easy usage and easy clean up."
"Good quality product and good price. The button to open microwave door is very hard to push, I'm sure it will get easier with use."
Good unit but a rough sound when operating.
"Works well.  Would like to have an add 30 sec or quick minute option, but overall, is very solid for the price."
"Works great, looks good but sticks out from cabinets. I had it installed and they had no problems what so ever."
"This replaced a 12 year old identical model that finally quit. While I considered a more recent model, the convenience of installing a microwave with the exact same dimensions and mounting hardware is hard to beat. There are a lot of buttons that I will probably never use."
"Works exactly as advertised in my GE Profile microwave. Color match is darned near exact. I prepped with a wire brush on a drill to get as much loose paint off as possible. Then sprayed in many coats to get coverage. I removed 1 star simply because the paint is very difficult to apply without drips鈥攃ould just as easily remove a star from the painter (me). The paint leaves a slight texture or roughness that was not present with the original paint which was quite smooth. Nonetheless, I will trade this look anytime for the flaking paint of the GE oven. Cleans nicely, and has held up without blemish since my purchase and application about 6 weeks ago.<br /><br />1 can will likely cover about 陆 of a microwave interior adequately. Since my oven was flaking, I needed about this much coverage or slightly less. If I had stripped the entire interior, I would have been short."
"I bought Danby Designer 1.1 cu.ft microwave to replace my aging and faulty Sharp Carousal which served well for 7 years. On comparing against my Sharp unit I found this few pounds lighter. But the marked difference which was noticed is the noise level. While Sharp was really a rowdy teenager this guy is really a silent one. When measured with smartphone sound meter app, the operational level was about 65dB ( which is like normal conversational level). I payed $40 premium for the stainless steel model which was purely for aesthetic reason - my previous microwave was plastic and I did not have any 'material' issue. As for functions, besides the common controls like popcorn,pizza,beverage etc there were a few other controls which I find useful. There is a power level button which lets you step down from full power level to say 50% level. There is also a kitchen timer control which works independently of the cooking control - $5 timer will do that function but having it there help reduce kitchen clutter. There is a two step cooking, which essentially step down the power for the second round - yet to try this feature.<br />Instead of the push button door release a door handle would have made it look more industrial. The wheeled base where the tray rest and the spoke on which tray slots fits looks a bit fragile, probably because of the lack of finish on the molds.<br />Overall this is a very elegant and industrial looking microwave and so far a great addition to my counter top."
"We've had the microwave for only a few months.  The door design is similar to our last microwave that lasted only two years.  We chose this brand because they seem to make a superior product.  So far it heats well, it's easy to clean and has had no problems."
Saved me the purchase of a new microwave!  Can't argue with that!
"I have had this Microwave for about a month.  I'm still learning how to use all it's features.  I own two microwaves, and this is my secondary one.  It is very quiet when it is cooking.  The one negative I have noted so far, is that when an item is done cooking, it beeps three times, but if you don't open the door or hit stop, it will beep about once every minute."
"I love this microwave so much! Aesthetically, it's the coolest kitchen appliance I own. It's also pretty powerful. That said, it's kinda small inside and square plates, 16 oz coffee cups, and popcorn bags can pose difficulties (e.g., when the popcorn bag starts to fill up, the tray stops turning). I still wouldn't trade it in!"
"The Grill doesn't toast as well as a dedicated toaster oven, but the Microwave is fast and easy to use.  The fast preheat and the convection oven cook accurately and are perfect for smaller households.  I haven't used the air fry yet."
Gift for sister - she's happy with it.
"A little loud, but is a great fit for our family of 7."
"Direct replacement in my RV for the original that lasted over 15 years.  I hope I get that same life out of this one.  All of the previous reviews were spot on, in the fact that the new one is very hard to get the two mounting bolts to start (took about 40 minutes) and the new models fan and motor are far louder than the old one was.  But the unit works great in all categories."
"It's a great microwave, easy to clean."
Nice microwave
Works very well. Happy with the purchase!
"This little microwave is almost perfect.  I'm having a kitchen remodel and didn't want to build in a microwave, which--let's face it--is mostly a giant water boiling machine.  I got this little one to use during my remodel and I plan to use it once my kitchen's remodeled, too.  The time goes up in increments of 30 seconds, 1 minute, 1:30, 2 minutes, etc.  I wondered if that would work for me, but it's just fine.  I also found out, however, that the power goes up in increments 25, 50, 75, 100. Sometimes, I use my microwave to &#34;soften&#34; butter and I need the lower power of 10.  If the microwave offered increments of 10, 20, 30, etc., it would be perfect.  Because it doesn't, I may have to take this one to work and get myself a different microwave for home."
"Seemed to work fine in the house but didn't get along with my RV inverter.  Returned.  Bigger than most 700 watt units,<br />.  Handle sticks out quite a bit so not a &#34;space saver&#34;."
"installed it for PEB7226SFSS, and it looked great. The only problem was the screws came with it, for mounting to the bracket,  were too short. I went to HD purchased longer screws and screwed in perfectly."
"this is a unique microwave in style and performance.<br />it doesn't heat as high as most, but the size and shape is<br />what sold me.  it fits nicely into a corner of my counter.<br />i don't use a microwave for much other than reheating<br />things, so this for me is perfect.  it is a very basic microwave.<br />i really like that the light goes off after a bit if you leave the door open."
"The small size and the unique design with the rounded back are what I love about this microwave. Unfortunately, the quality is just not great. The glass plate got a chip on it within the first week of using this. I've never had that happen to me ever before with any other microwave. The plastic layer over the buttons has bubbled up and looks really cheap. If these two things were fixed I would give this 5 stars because it's just a perfect size."
a little noisy but works good.
"The Microwave works Great. I really like the fact that it has a little smaller outside dementions than similar Microwaves of this Power Rating. ONE COMPLAINT. They Offer 2 extra months of Warrenty Coverage, if you register Online Immediately. I did and They didn't give them to me. Also, the Coverage starts on the day of purchase not day of receipt from UPS (AMAZON). The additional Warranty I purchased from Assurant Solitions DOES Start on the day of receipt & is CHEAPER than The Warrranty from DANBY. I wonder WHY?"
"I bought this to replace my decades year old GE microwave.  After reading all the reviews, this microwave convection was close to top with the added feature that it might actually work with the existing GE wall mount; it didn't.  Overall, this seems to be a nicely designed unit.  I am using convection cooking all the time now, or even starting with microwave and ending with convection to warm things I won't nuke.<br /><br />It seems to me that a proper review would be done a year from now, and not before the plaster has dried."
it lacks power but generally speaking it does the job
Easy to use.
I bought this for an easy to use microwave for my elderly parents. They love it and use it way too much now.
"Powerful for it's size, fits anywhere (especially above refrigerator)."
Great for Dorm rooms
"This is a beautiful microwave that happens to match all our other appliances. I bought it to replace a Samsung that had burned out. It does an adequate job but the food, cooked for the same length of time is not as hot as with the Samsung. Each microwave had the same power but the Samsung was more powerful. I should add that it was also more expensive! The Whirlpool is a good buy!"
Works great and saves space in our tiny kitchen.  It's small though - cannot fit anything larger than a dinner plate or taller than a large coffee mug.
Exactly what I needed to repair my microwave at about a 1/4 of the price that most appliance parts retailers wanted.
"This was rated fairly high by Consumer Reports, and usage over the past month or so has borne that out. It is roomy and it cooks fairly evenly and quickly. The basic controls are fairly intuitive, though apparently I have to set the power level before I set the cook time, rather than the other way around the way it was on my previous microwave. The special features, like the warm up with sensors that shuts off when the food starts to steam, are things that I don't seem to be able to get the hang of. After playing with the inverter defrost button and keypad, I was able to start using that in the cooking of certain frozen convenience items. I don't like the push button opener; I think that is what will break first, and then I won't be able to open the door. I do not regret the purchase so far. If the machine lasts ten years like the prior microwave it will have been a great purchase."
"For the price it a nice unit, easy to use etc. Only negative is the door  latch button is hard to push/open"
"This little sucker has been heating up our food reliably for going on a year. It fit into a cabinet space that no other microwave could fit into. Yeah, it's a little underpowered, but you get used to that.<br /><br />It fits a whole plate, which is nice, but sometimes if you have a larger item it will catch against the wall and not rotate. Full-size popcorn bags have this problem for example.<br /><br />But overall, great option if you need a microwave to fit into a very small space."
This is a good turntable place fo rmy microwave perfect fit.
Gets the job done and it was a great price!
"As advertised, compact, works great. Figuring out how to warm without presets is kind of complicated. Not impossible however."
It fits nicely into the corner of the counter...doesn't take up as much counter space. But... it does not cook as fast as a large microwave but for popcorn and heating coffee it does just fine!
"Very well made with stainless interior. Cooks well but has few bells and whistles, which is fine. Four stars because visibility while cooking is not what I'm used to.  Still a good deal for the price"
"This microwave works well on a counter top.  My previous Microwave had a analog timer so I'm obviously not too picky about microwaves.  It should get the job done on most foods.  The quality is a bit iffy though because the first one I received from Amazon was half &#34;caved in,&#34; literally!  It's really lightweight and simple in design.  A good inexpensive option for regular everyday heating."
"Wonderful product. My first time using anything like this for microwave repair of burned areas. I was not sure if it would work, but to my surprise it exceeded my expections. I highly reccomend this product."
"The template was completely wrong on where to put the screw holes on top, resulting in too many holes being drilled into the shelf above.  Other than that, this was a solid purchase."
Love this product works fine
This is a truly compact microwave.  I wanted something with a small footprint but functions well.  This oven has fit the bill.  It sits in a corner on my counter.  As some have mentioned you can't program the time you want but have to hit the controls to add 5 seconds or 30 seconds.  This aspect is not ideal but also not big large problem.  I am very satisfied with this purchase
Love it.
"Cute little m/w. Have been working good so far. No issues. Good enough for a couple to warm up/heat things in small quantity. Takes a little more time (quite natural as its just 700 watts) but reasonable enough. Overall, a nice buy.<br /><br />Pros: Easy to operate. Many quick options, Cute little and looks sturdy, a big space saver if you have small kitchen space.<br />Cons: None so far.<br /><br />Overall, a no non-sense simple m/w for day to day use. Serves the purpose....."
I was looking for a very &#34; small&#34; microwave for my rv. This one is perfect and looks very nice
"..turntable fits an average size tv dinner, barely.  It arrived in an Amazon outer box, with just a couple wads of paper. Thank goodness the regular packaging was done proper (tightly packed box from manufacturer). The Amazon box was tore up. No markings to say  &#34;fragile.&#34; Luckily it worked. It appears to function just the way it should, no issues. Clean design, easy to read display. I would have gave it 5 stars, but a pass down the microwave aisle at the local Walfart saw similar or even better values for price and size.... although just a few dollars on price."
"Super simple to use (no bells and whistles) and tiny, tiny footprint.  Works in my small kitchen, so I'm happy with the purchase."
"Never realized how small 0.7 cu ft was going to be, but now I do! Ah well, it works like it should, just don't expect to put a huge plate on their.  Quick touch buttons are the best. anywhere from 30 seconds to minutes with one touch"
"Please see above..am pleased with my choice, good value and works well so far.  Timer seems to work well..Good booklet with directions."
"This product came super fast. And exactly as described. The only down side is that it doesn't get as hot as it should. I do live in Korea and have to use a converter box, so that might be what's effecting it. Other than that it is perfect!"
its a microwave and it works like a microwave. Nothing fancy has the quick start buttons. Was the cheapest 1000w one I found and I have no complaints.
"So, I needed a basic microwave, nothing fancy. Let's face it, no kitchen can function can live with out one. Don't know how the settlers survived lol. Anyway, it arrived in about a week in perfect condition. And far exceeded my expectations. It looks just like the pic and even displays the time, and has a timer. It cooks very well also. Over all yes, buy it, you won't be disappointed."
I was looking for a more compact microwave because I don't have a lot of counterspace.  This works pretty good for that.  The only thing I didn't like is that the cord is on the back right side instead of in the back middle.  So I was unable to put the microwave in the spot I wanted because it wouldn't reach the outlet.
"This is pretty roomie, has plenty of power and fits just about anywhere.  It looks like a TV though and is a bit loud."
Worked great.
"So many negative reviews on this site. I agonized over getting it, but it fits my space so I did.  It works just fine and I'm happy to recommend it if you're stuck with a cabinet space like me that will only fit this microwave. It is a decent microwave for regular use."
We use these in our break rooms where they get conciderably more than use than they would in a home enviroment. They are a great product for the price we seem to get on average 3 years use out of them. The more expensive ones we tried lasted about the same amount of time.
"If I had read the reviews before purchasing this unit, I probably would not have ordered  it.  After reading the reviews, I was worried that I had made a mistake.  However, I have had it for several weeks now, and it is working just fine.  I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because the door is a little hard to open.  But for the money, it works quite well.  I'm pretty satisfied with this microwave."
"Oven came quickly and well packaged and protected.  Gave it a try last night. I'm in the middle of some inside renovation, and used the microwave to have something quick to eat. Things I like about this oven,  is the  pull to open door, and being able to heat food using 15 second increments.  You can also adjust cooking times while the oven is in use. One other feature I really like is that the power cord is not ridiculously long.  You can plug this oven in and not have the cord showing from behind the microwave.<br /><br />This is a very solid oven and am pleased with my  purchase though it is a bit higher than most models.  Curved design of the oven also makes cleaning quicker and easier."
"Its not working for what I buy this, but use in my home kitchen. Looks nice. Easy for who not use so much microwave. Want for my husband in Freightliner on road, have hot food"
Purchased this ... Good for the price can't complain . I would recommend this to a friend if you need a simple small microwave !
This will fit in a small place and has room for a full size dinner plate. It is very sturdy and well made. You could go to Walmart and get a 40 dollar microwave and that might fit the bill. But this will last.
"I bought this microwave to fit into a cabinet. So the measurments were most important to me. Other than that, it has everything I want in a microwave oven. Full size to fit big plates. The carousel works great. Easy controls. Several one push buttons for 1min, 2min, 3min, even a 30 sec button. Readouts  are very bright and easy to see. The only problem is the cabinet. When I got this via UPS, it was packed inside of a plain brown box. Inside that box was the box that the microwave was shipped in. In that box was a full surround of think styrofoam blocks along with some plastic and paperwork. When I took it out of all the wrapping, the cabinet was loaded with dents and one side was slightly collapsed. I don't know how this could have happened unless it was done before shipping. But, why would they ship something they knew was so beat up? The only reason I can think of is......people buy them to put in cabinets like I did. I paid 99.00. Great working microwave. Terrible cabinet."
The parts were just what was needed. They were the correct part as identified. There was no variations and therefore installed just like the parts that were removed. Have been working just fine since installed.
"Works, great shipping everthing was good looks really nice above the oven with the microwave if we could a microwave that worked to go with it"
"The microwave is really OK as for the price; if you don't need to have a 'fancy', big microwave and you use it basically just to warm up dishes - it's perfect!<br />I tried also to thaw meat there or prepare popcorn - it also works well.<br />CONS: a little bit noisy when it's ending preparation; popcorn button doesn't work well - program need to be chosen repeated to make sure popcorn is popped<br />PROS: easy to use; small; built-in kitchen timer; cheap"
Good unit<br />Easy to install as I. Was replacing old unit<br />Color was as expected it to be when opened
Purchased this microwave for my husband's semi truck.  It would not run on the large inverter installed in the truck.  Fought with it for several days until I decided it would work great here at home!!  I love that it takes up so little room on my counter.  It's perfect for the one or two person household!!
Love this new Microwave; fits perfectly on my small counter and is very efficient for what I need; heating a cup or my heat pad... The only negative I have is that the plastic cover on the bottom front panel is starting to deteriorate already and I've only had it a couple of months... Otherwise love it!
"This microwave isn't perfect but it's perfect for me. Some folks would think it's a little loud, both while running and the beeper. It takes a little longer to heat than larger units but that's to be expected. Those are minor issues for me. It's just the right size and fits nicely in the dead space of a corner. Has freed up counter top space. It heats frozen food just fine and that's all I use it for. If I were asked what needs improving, I'd like to be able to key in the heating time rather than push the button up and down. And backlighting for the buttons. Overall, it fits my needs."
all the feturers of the big microwaves in a compact size<br />the handle makes it easy to open without spilling food
"We don't use a microwave all that much and didn't want to invest counter space in one.<br /><br />With a teenager who is now heating things up for himself, it made sense to get one and this small-footprint model seemed to be a good fit.  It handles our largest dinner plate and seems to heat things well.  It is s little taller than it looks in the picture, but it fits our family's needs quite well."
"We needed this size and the Danby works.  The controls are a little quirky, you have to put a &#34;0&#34; in front of the timer to set minutes but not all the time...  took some getting used to.  The only real design flaw is that, unlike most microwaves where you push a button and the door pops open, you have to pull the handle on this one.  And the machine is so small and light that you need two hand to open the door or the whole thing moves around and doesn't open.  This can be a pain.  But if you need this size, the cooking is fine."
"This microwave will fulfill my needs at this time.  I am well pleased with the wattage of this microwave, this microwave replaced one with much less wattage."
Verry good appliance don't have any of the issues i saw posted before i bought it only one thing should warn buyers it is a green appliance so no in microwave light sorry but other than that works like a charm.
"Okay, it's not the most powerful thing ever, and there are a few things I would change about the design, but this little thing handles all my microwave needs and has freed up a significant amount of precious counter space in my very cramped kitchen."
"the microwave has work very nice, a bit pricy thou but in the long run it will have been a good inventment as my wife loves to coooook."
I had to  order 3 of these because the first two arrived damaged. After the third one was installed it looks great and works great. I got it just before Thanksgiving so I used it as an oven so I then had two ovens which came in very handy.
This replaces an old Sharp Carousel we use as a second microwave and lasted 14 years. My daughter called it microzilla because you had to shorten cooking times somewhat because it had so much power. This one carries on the tradition.
"This microwave is very cute (there's no other word to describe it!), and as promised is good for small spaces. It does seem to require more cook time than most microwaves I am used to, and sometimes it is a pain to have to keep holding the + sign to increase time, as opposed to just typing in the number. So far I have had no issues, and the unit is not very noisy at all which is nice."
Had one about 20 yrs. that was losing power.  New one has added features that are helpful - esp. sensor cooking.<br />Price is up there esp. for stainless steel.
"Microwave works great and it is more powerful than we expected.  Keep in mind that we do not cook in it... we only use it to heat up drinks and some leftovers.  We like how easy it is to set time with just the 30 second button or the + button that adds 5 seconds at a time.  The only complain we have is that the door sometimes does not shut.  We need to push it up a little to get it to close.  Other than that, it was a great purchase for us"
This is a good microwave that fits well in the corner of the kitchen. It fits a full size dinner plate.
It is a basic microwave and so far working very well.<br />It fit perfect over our oven range.<br />My husband and his friend's help needed for taking old one out and setting this microwave up.<br />Door feels very light (we are used to the metal one) so we get gentle on it.
"but it is a little deep for where I have it. Beautiful and stylish. Easy to use, with sensitive touch screen."
"This product fits into a small corner counter space that I have, and it &#34;looks&#34; nice...but truth be told, I could have saved money and bought a small rectangular MW and put it on the same counter, although it wouldn't have looked quite as nice as this one does."
I bought a used micro that works great but needed a little &#34;tweaking&#34; for paint touch p inside.<br />This did the job!
"This is a great design concept.  It gives you more counter space.  I was worried about it making soup spill with jerky loading, but I haven't found that to be a problem.<br />The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is that the interface is a bit clumsy.  For pretty  much everything, it requires too many key strokes to get it doing what you want. It's like the old days of operating a VCR. way too complicated. It's like you have to keep the manual out on the counter if you want to do anything other than run if for 1, 2 or 3 minutes.  defrosting = difficult .. timer = difficult... resetting the clock = difficult<br />In summary: as long as your key objective is to get the microwave off of the counter, and you only plan on using it to reheat things at max heat, then you will love it."
"We used the Dacor labelled version of this aplliance for 10 years before it gave out. Found out this is the exact same appliance as the Dacor, at half the price. So we ordered this one, but returned it immediately because it  had dents, so obviously had been dropped, and seemed to be making a louder noise than the old Dacor when operating and I was afraid it had internal damage. Amazon was as always good on making full refund on its return. I then came across a highly discounted floor model microwave that featured a 400 cfu exhaust system (vs the 300 cfu exhaust on this product), a feature very important to my wife who does a lot of stir frying. The microwave I bought is also 1100 watts vs 850 watts on this one, but I don't know how important an extra 250 watts really is. 850 watts was just fine for us for  10 years.  Could it be the lower wattage helped it last so long? And the convection oven utility is something we may miss more than we now think we will.<br />Anyway I think this is a pretty good product, particularly if you use the convection function a lot. One word of advice if you buy this and vent it to the outside, remove the vent flap on top of the unit and install a vent flap at the end of the duct line. Our vent flap became loaded with grease and stuck in the closed postion. The exhaust  then entered and covered the wiring and internal parts with grease, causing it to overheat and blow the magnitron. Also be religious about keeping the vent screens clean. If we had done those things our old Dacor may have lasted who knows how much longer. We considered repairing it but the technician said there was too much grease."
"This microwave has many good features and fit great into our over-the-counter space in our kitchen. It was easy to install and has been very reliable. GE makes good products, but don't expect it to last forever. We replaced our old GE microwave that had lasted only about 7 years with this one. The primary reason I bought another GE Spacemaker was due to the size configuration that matched our old microwave. I did not want to have to replace my cabinets to have a different sized microwave!"
Same model that we had before with some cosmetic changes.  The old one died after 6 years.  Reviews placed it at over $160 for repair.  Bought the old one because it fits on shelf over the stove.  Bought the new one for the same reason.  Hope we get at least 6 years out of it.
"The only thing I would chande is the push handle.  Sometimes it diesn't work the first time and it feels like it sticks.  Otherwise, a good product and good value."
"Like other reviewers, I had to purchase this particular GE Spacemaker microwave because it was the only larger one that fit into the existing built-in cabinet in our kitchen.  Other manufacturers are missing the boat if they think everyone wants or needs a huge countertop or above-the-range microwave, or a teensy weensy underpowered microwave. There was no need for the industry to completely change size standards for countertop models.<br /><br />That said, I've only had this microwave a few weeks; so far so good.  I like its features and performance.  It's a bit smaller inside than our previous full size GE microwave.  The previous GE fit perfectly in our microwave cabinet, but its magnetron went out in a scary way after about 6 years of use.<br /><br />So far, only drawback to new microwave is that the instructions say to keep the front of the microwave 3 inches back from edge of countertop so it won't tip over when the door is open.  Not enough space to do that in our built-in microwave cabinet, so have to be careful not to inadvertently put weight on the open door (with my hand), or the whole appliance starts to tip forward.  Don't recollect seeing that information in the description of this product on Amazon, so please be aware."
"This is a good product. It replaced our previous Profile Spacemaker II model which lasted about ten years.  We're not exotic microwave users and choose the Reheat feature 99% of the time.  The new model works well, although my wife thinks our previous model had a hotter reheat temperature because we more frequently have to press the reheat button a second time with the new model.  We also find the location of the Clear/Off button confusing and sometimes fumble around looking for it.  It should have been placed in an easier to find location, like on the top or bottom corner.  We like the turntable which our previous model didn't have and think it helps heat the food more uniformly.  Overall, we're pleased with this product."
"Works as advertised. Easy to follow installation instructions and cooks great. Of course, the holes from my old 'Ewave' did not line up with this model."
I spent hundreds more for another &#34;Name&#34; brand and this one is as good.  Cant beat this for the price I paid
"I like the look, the ease of cleaning, and the fact that it does everything I need a microwave to do without taking up much countertop space.  The only drawback is that the interior is so small I sometimes &#34;bump&#34; coffee cups trying to put them in for re-heating, spilling liquid that drips straight down to the control panel.  After having a full size microwave, this one takes some getting adjusting on my part!  I gave it 4 stars because I can't heat pancake syrup in it, the bottles are too tall.  All other things I use it for, such as making popcorn, melting butter, reheating left-overs, etc., are just fine."
"Plus - I've had this microwave installed for about 4 months now and I really like it.  It cooks evenly and in a predictable way...much better than the traditional turntable models.  The coolness factor is high and its easy for the kids to use.  I love how it fits in with my new kitchen.<br />Minus -  it's pricey for a microwave.  Considering, the price I expected it to have a few more quick features, like a 30 second reheat button (it will do 1 min).  The open/close mechanism is noisy and closes with a &#34;clunk&#34; .  The special cooking features are complicated to program so I have yet to use them.<br />Summary - It was worth the splurge."
"VERY smelly!!!<br />Be sure to scrape all rust out with steel wool, paint scraper, whatever it takes. The directions were minimal...I googled for more information."
This was to replace a bad microwave in one of our condo's kitchen - it fit perfectly and looks good. Thank You
"If you're looking for a space saver, this is the microwave for you.  If fits so well in the corner of the counter top and I have twice the space I had when my old bulky clunker was still on the counter.  I haven't found a plate yet that doesn't fit in the microwave and only one conatiner was too tall to fit, but even that wasn't critical...just used another container.  The power is suffiecient for warming and cooking most foods.  I do wish it had a few more watts; around 1000 would be perfect.  Over all the compromise in power is well worth the additional space.  Controls are very simple although, I do wish I could increase the time in more than 30 second increments.<br /><br />Service was terrific!  The first unit arrived damaged by the shipper.  Replacement was fast and problem free."
Looks and works great so far... the vent is really nice and powerful too... a bit loud when you set it at the highest but sure does work
"When our old Sharp &#34;over the range&#34; started to die (14 years of service and the display had become very dim and door starting to crack with quite large chips falling off we decided it had to be replaced). Finding an over range (gas) with convection and a good extractor fan proved difficult and so we decided on this Sharp product. At 71 lbs and with different mounting points from it's predecessor it was a difficult installation task - could not have been done by one person on their own.<br />Once in place however it is the greatest ! It is better designed than the one before with 2 extractor inlets placed to handle the heat from the gas range very well , a large ceramic turntable that is easy to clean PLUS it can be selected to &#34;not rotate&#34; which permits bigger dishes to be used as needed.<br /><br />Best of all it has a &#34;keep warm&#34; feature that allows warming serving plates as well as keeping unserved food ready  for &#34;seconds&#34; without the whole reheat cycle.<br /><br />Great product - would have given 5 stars but for the physical difficulty of installation ( in fairness that would have probably been much the same for any brand)"
"I have only had this installed for several days and have not used all functions, but so far it seems like a good machine."
Used this microwave as a built-in. I had a specific width opening in some shelving and wanted the most cu ft and features in this width. Only been using it for a couple weeks however it has met my expectations. The body of this unit is black so if you are looking for an all stainless for countertop use this would not be the one.
I am very satified with this microwave although I was surprised when I saw two small dents on the door.  This of course does not in anyway hamper the workings. I would recommend this product for its efficiency.
"This arrived incredibly fast and features were as advertised.  However, do be aware that the height is listed as 15 and 1/2 and this was a primary consideration as I was replacing a microwave in a tight space.  Sure enough, the front is 15 and 1/2; however, the unit slopes to 16 and 1/2 at the back."
"Whirlpool's description of this microwave is spot on.<br /><br />The only thing that would be nice would be a numeric keypad, but there really isn't space given the compact design.<br /><br />We have oversized dinner plates, and they fit in here with very little to spare, which means this microwave is perfect for us."
"I received the item before the expected date-package and it's contents were intact, no issues at all with delivery.<br /><br />I used it the day I received it; after reading the many helpful hints in these online reviews, it was very simple and easy to use. It works great for me, for small loads in my apartment-I live alone and don't have large amounts of laundry to wash.<br /><br />The tube they supply to fill up the tub didn't fit onto my faucet, but I have a plastic pitcher I used to fill it (three pitchers full, easy peasy). When in use, it sits right on my kitchen counter and the drain tube empties the water directly into my sink. The Panda is fairly quiet, if I have music or the tv on, I can't hear it at all.<br /><br />It's really been a huge help to me, and I use it often. I am planning on getting a mini-electric dryer as well, then I will only have to visit the laundrymat once a month, if that. I highly recommend the Panda-it's just so darn cute, and works like a charm with small loads."
"Everything so far seems to be working great.  We've only owned it for a few weeks but other than it being just a bit noisier than the old one we replaced, we are very happy with it.  Also the power is the same as the one we replaced it for but it seems to take about 15-20% longer cooking time than the old one.  The size of the microwave is larger than the old one, so maybe that is the reason it takes longer to cook.  Other than that I would still buy the same microwave over again if I had to do it all over again.  Great deal for the money."
"We bought this oven based upon our son's usage of an earlier model.  There aren't that many drawer microwaves available.  Why buy a drawer microwave?  Well, the most important reason is that my wife wanted one in our new house!  Her arguments were as follows:  1) no need to lift or inspect foods over her head, 2) made space for a vent. While microwaves can generally be vented from the front or the above (top), our new house didn't have any vent.  So, all cooking fumes were vented into the room.  With this oven, we removed the cabinet above the existing microwave and installed a stainless steel vent hood (above the range).  Still, not perfectly ventalated.  I had to modify a base cabinet near the stove to accept the drawer microwave.  Not a problem for me as I am a woodworker, but a problem or extra costs for others.  In addition, I had to add an electrical outlet.  Not a problem for me as I am a retired electrical engineer, but maybe a cost for others.  After the installation, simple enough, the drawer didn't want to stay closed.  That is, you push the close button and the drawer closed but re-opened immediately.  I was about to call for service but I did the following:  push the drawer closed manually, that is by hand.  This seemed to work and then the automatic closure mechanism started working okay.  So, no service call required.  The only shortcomings I see are that the power is not as great as our prior microwave and that there isn't a rotating table.  Dispite this, we are happy with this model so far after about a year.  Shorter people may like this oven a lot, and, it is REALLY COOL!  So, I would recommend this oven."
"I love this microwave.  It takes up barely any space on the counter, and the cord is well hidden behind it.  It works fine for just heating things up and defrosting.  The only thing to be aware of is that this really is a tiny microwave. You can fit a full size dinner plate, but there is not a lot of height inside.  I couldn't use my microwave rice cooker in this because it was too tall, so I had to purchase a counter top rice cooker instead, which doesn't seem to work as well.  Other than that, this microwave looks good on the counter and does the job."
"The Haier Microwave was exactly as discribed and installed easily. It replaced a 10yo Hotpoint over the counter which began the fail and finally threw electrial flashes and died. As a low cost replacement, the Haier was the best I could find."
I ordered this Microwave to replace my 15 year old GE microwave/vent hood which had finally given up the ghost (after multiple repairs). I was pleased that I could install it myself using the templates and instructions included. It has fewer features than the expensive model it replaced but it works quite well and includes all the important features including the ability to use the existing vent or to vent into the room.
"I bought this particular microwave oven because it would fit in the space over our stove and the price was very good. It's worked well, without any problems since I bought it a few months ago. My only complaint is that you can't have the timer going and cook something in the microwave at the same time. I've never had a microwave that couldn't do that so that's a little disappointing."
I looked everywhere for this microwave.  I had the same one a few years ago and wanted the same one in white because I wanted  to match it with my new kitchen.  It is not too big nor too small.  It was the perfect depth for my shelf in my kitchen.  Reliable appliance!
"This looks good and does what it is designed to do. My main niggle about this is that it is rather noisy, but as I only really use it for short periods anyway no more than 4 minutes at a time it is no big deal."
"I wanted a microwave that took up as little counter space as possible, had sensor cooking and was easy to use.  This one fit all that criteria and had a bonus:  a Beverage key which I use a lot to heat water to the perfect temp for tea.  This microwave is perfect for my needs and I'm very happy with it.  The only downside is that the quality is only average."
"This unit is a replacement for an identical item that arrived with concealed damage.  I notifed Amazon around 3pm the day it arrived and received word that a replacement unit had been ordered and it would take several days to process the order.  Two hours later, I received notification that the replacement unit had been shipped!  It arrived at 9:15 the next morning!  Outstanding customer service effort by Amazon.    This microwave replaced a 2002 Sharp model identical in size, power and other features.  The first thing I noticed is that it takes 30% to 40% longer to heat compared to the older model, even after 8 years of use.  This is across the board, not just on certain items.  Also, the keypad has been reconfigured with the start and stop buttons situated in between rows of other buttons instead of separated from other buttons as on the older model.  The buttons are also smaller and it is easy to push the wrong button if you get in a hurry.  I will say it is a more attractive unit and a lot quieter than the older model."
"As good or better than i hoped! Lots of options, fan is great. It is noisier than my old one (as per other reviews) but really...it doesn't matter that much."
"The installation dimensions in the install guide are exactly right.  I worried about trusting them, but they worked very well.    Looks real nice, works well, and was very easy to install.    One issue, When the drawer closed, it made a squeeking sound.  I figured it was going back into the box and getting shipped back.  We called Sharp and they sent out a technician who diagnosed the problem and ordered a replacement part.  We'll have to update if things go south with that, but so far, I appreciated the customer service.    Four stars because of the squeaking drawer, but not one star because the customer service was so good."
Microwave is very spacious; works well and is very powerful...  We love this unit.. Arrived with faulty circuit card; would not heat up.  Sharp Warranty personnel were here within 2 days and fixed it.
"Right size, cooks everything, Fast and convenient.  Just right for my needs. Can't go wrong with the deal or the unit."
"This unit was a replacement for a slightly earlier model that failed.  It is nice that the LG over-the-range family generally uses the same wall-mount, so installation was easy as a replacement.   It works fine, though if you are a heavy users of microwaves, I am not sure what the real durability is, but since we are light users, the prior model lasted several years, and expect this will too."
"I bought this microwave to replace my previous Sharp R-1449.  This one is deeper, more plastic, and slightly more powerful.  It seems reliable (only have had it 6 weeks), has a good vent and good stove lights.  I wish it had a night light and a switch to stop turntable rotation though one can get around it by removing the turntable. My biggest disappointment was that it utilizes a different mounting plate than my previous Sharp microwave.    I gave it four stars b/c it does the job and it was inexpensive compared to other manufacturers. Incidentally, mounting instructions were very good."
"I bought this oven to replace a Whirlpool of equal size. I like the LG. It's a little more powerful, and the moisture sensor seems to work pretty well. It's a heavy beast and you will want to use the template that comes with it to lay out the installation bracket positions and holes for the support bolts. Get those right and the installation is no big deal. It does take two people to horse this 60 lb. appliance into place while starting the bolts, threading the cord etc.    It took me a couple of hours from opening the box to firing it up and I was a cabinet installer in my youth. Still, no big deal.    Tip: use a light spray adhesive to attach the layout template to the bottom of upper support cabinet."
The microwave oven arrived on time and in excellent condition.  We have tested it to make sure it works.  It was just installed so we haven't used it a lot yet.....completely happy...excellent Amazon service as usual.
I had a same model of microwave which worked for me about   4to 5 years very good and that was the reason I ordered the same brand and model again .  the new one so far has been very good too but the one way blocking door over the exhaust fan was noisy which I swapped it with the  older one and fixed the problem overall is very good and I like it.
After one year the turntable plate cracked while we were making a bag of popcorn.  Very strange indeed!  Now trying to find a replacement as I really miss the food items turning while cooking!  Other than that it is still working in top notch condition.<br /><br />UPDATE:  This microwave died after only 2 years. Was hoping to get more out of it then we did.
"Great help in the installation, smaller oven size than ge or sears. Display could have larger numbers. No handle to open door."
This microwave works pretty good.  The sensor cook is awesome and will reheat or cook items almost perfectly.  The only bad thing I've seen is that it's got a rather large footprint.
"Its a pretty big and heavy unit so having someone around to help mount would be a good thing.  I found that sometimes the clips in the back have a little trouble popping in all the way, unless its lined up just right.<br />I didnt like the wall mount screws a whole lot as well as the fact there is only 4 to hold on the whole bracket (they note that you should have at least 2 in studs).  They have holes drilled in the mount all the way across, so what I did was located two studs, drilled some 1/16th pilot holes in the bracket where they were and sunk (5) 1 3/4&quot; drywall screws in each stud from top to bottom of the bracket to attach it to the wall.  I didnt want to worry about the microwave falling off and either seriously injuring someone or smashing my new ceramic top stove.<br />Also be careful if drilling the top cabinet mount holes with the microwave in place, the bit can easily destroy the screw hole :)  I ended up replacing the two small upper cabinet mount screws with 1/2&quot; self tapping bolts.  So the cinnimon powder doesnt quite sit level up there in the cupboard.. but the microwave is definately not falling out of my wall!<br />As for functionality, the microwave is nice and powerful, the unsightly buttons are hidden behind the door (you punch in the settings when you open it).  A note of caution, dont put anything in it without the carousel tray to heat.  I had a small paper nacho bowl in there and it almost started the glue on fire in 20 seconds.<br />Another note... The carousel tray does not ship in this box well, mine arrived broken in half.  My only option was to ship the whole unit back (weighs like 80 lbs).  I lucked out because my old microwave was a Sharp and the carousel tray is identical."
"I got this because I wanted a paci I can hold from the handle. Unfortunately, this one leaves imprints on my baby's cheeks. She's got bigger cheeks than most babies. She still loves sucking on it, so it's my emergency paci."
harder than expected
Beutiful
they definitely do not soak through but start to look dingy after washing
i like them.. unfortunately the baby didn't care for the shape (not nipple like)...
"very expensive, but nice item."
My Granddaughter Loves it
"Softest pacifier I have bought so far. I have spent a small fortune trying to prevent my baby from becoming a thumb sucker. Alas, this is not the one."
"Baby loves it, but I wish it were a bit bigger."
Clips easly and prevents falls!! The only issue is you can't choose the color as it comes at random.
"Great little pacifiers that are similar to the Soothies but supposed to stay closer to the babies face, so they slip out less. I can't say whether they actually do slip out less鈥?Seems about the same.The only thought I have is that they cut a little  Low on the babies lip so part of the lip is sticking over the pacifier. The feeling would annoying me, but I guess doesn't seem to bother the baby too much"
"the socks are very soft and my 2 year old seems to like them. overall, they seem like great socks.  i'm docking a star due to the misleading picture. i bought 3 packs of these socks, and the white socks with pink hearts and pink toe/heals are not included. i've uploaded a picture showing what socks you'll actually be getting. i still like what came, but just disappointed that i didn't get what was pictured as those socks are what made me decide to purchase this pack.  also included picture of materials and product label."
A lot softer than a soothe paci but my LO preferred her soothe
Wish the pacifier would come out so I could wash the lamb.
My daughter loves these pacifiers.  My only complaint is the nipple sometimes gets water trapped inside from washing and I have to work to get it out.
excelente
"I live the idea of it, but realistically speaking, if your baby is screaming because he's not feeling well, it'll be a little hard to keep him sucking this to try to get his Temp."
Not as resistant to holes from biting on it as other brands but my son will only use this style of bulb
I hoped this would of been bigger!
Baby likes it.
Wish it came with sticky backs
functional item.
slightly beaten
"i bought this to take my infant seat and base on a trip and gate check them. the bag came back scuffed with a tiny hole, which is all damage my car seat would have endured without it. i'm also glad it kept gross airline germs off my car seat. i wish it was slightly sturdier material (i think this will only last another couple of flights before we replace it with a new one), but honestly, for the price i guess that's fine. even though the picture shows a convertible/upright seat, it will hold an infant seat and base. i'm convinced this is the reason the airline didn't lose my car seat."
sheets shrink
Too slow at reading temp
My son loves the Dr
i use this for my preschooler's toddler bed. for the price the quality isn't bad. he seems to sleep comfortably on it.
does the job for the price
granddaughter loves them
it was not as thick as i like it to be. so i returned it.
They get very dusty / linty right away
muy bueno
a little rough
"i really like these cups. the spout is not super hard, but hard enough that they aren't easily chewed through.  they don't leak thanks to the nuk valve that is interchangeable with others in this line. the only problem i had is the picture is red and blue, but my son got a pink and purple cup."
"these work, but the velcro can get caught in hair.  my daughter isn't a fan of wearing them, but she likes playing with them in the tub."
"Seriously, it's the only paci my baby takes!"
"the car seat is easy to install but the released button on the seat belt is very difficult to press. i'm not sure if they added this to be very tight of their recent recalls but it is a pain to unlock at times. other than that, it provides great head support and cushion."
new model has a weird echo.
My son loves it! However he is using it too much it's starting to push his teeth.
I prefer these to the other pacifier wipes. I like that they have xylitol in them.
It appears that the baby likes this pacifier
The only pacifier my baby will take
Baby loves it doesn't leave home without it just wish you can exchange the pacifier
pretty expensive for what it is.
works in a pinch.
they gave me two of the green print and two grey prints.  i was looking forward to the moo cow print but it wasn't included.  the do hold up to one 15 old month pee accident so i can't complain about the quality of the product just that the picture of it was deceiving
Too hard...
"My baby loves this pacifier, and I love it too. It's soft and doesn't leave indentation lines on his face! The only negative thing is that because it's natural rubber, it discolors to a dingy brown after a few weeks and I feel like people who use the cheaper plastic pacifiers are judging me because my kid has a crazy dirty hippie binky."
"good,soft and no smell"
It does what it's suppose to do
Goes with the blanket.  Don't know about the product til the baby gets here
"this is a very large and sturdy product, but only to be used for a permanent spot because it is difficult to install."
I like the Avent paci's and the little handle on them.  These don't glow in the dark for very long.  Maybe a couple of hours.
Received it in the time alloted. Would recommend to friends.
"This was a shower gift on her registry.  She received two others like it, but with different animals."
Love. Only problem is cleaning the pacifier is nearly impossible without getting the stuffed animal wet.
I received my order for these today and they were not blue and green. Don't think my son in law will let my grandson use a pink Nuk. Ha. They are pink and green. The baby does love this type of pacifier so I will keep the pink one at my house as a spare.
Have bought a couple of these to add to our diaper bags so we have a convenient place to store the pacifiers.  We have found it holds all of the different pacifiers we have and will hold one plus the holder attachment we use to clip to the car seat easily.  Sometimes difficult to open but would rather that be the case then it flipping open and dumping its contents regularly.
Standard hospital style pacifier
as described
would be a 5 star if it was actually spill proof.  my daughter keeps knocking it over and it leaks all over.
Wing aren't even stuffing comes through seams. But my son loves it so I guess none of that matters
"i don't really know what i expected, but i expected it to bounce a little when i turned it on. so far all i've seen, or rather felt, it do is vibrate. at least my son seems to like it."
"I like these BECAUSE they fall out. They calm baby but then fall out during a nap so he doesn't get dependent on them. I think they have been less habit forming than the brands that you need a crowbar to pry off. That said, it is annoying to constantly have to find them on the floor when baby spits them out, and you sometimes have to hold them in baby's mouth when he is vertical."
"my baby seems to like it. i do wish it had a way to have just the vibration or just the music, and maybe a way to put music on it of my choosing."
"I love these pacifiers, unfortunately, my son doesn't.<br />I love that these are all one piece of plastic. If you've tried different types of pacifiers then you know that some pacifiers get water, soap and dirt down in them that make them impossible to keep around for very long.<br />Since this pacifier is one piece of plastic all of these issues are resolved.<br />I ordered several different types of pacifiers to see which once my son would take to. While I would have picked this one... he didn't. :/"
Was not great quality. I expected the stuffed animal to be bigger and heavier for the price. My daughter doesn't care for it.
the baby likes it so i like it
christmas gift
delivery delivered on time and satisfaction with products purchased
it was a gift
seems to work well
"My grandbaby is having Fun w/ the soothie pacifier/WubbaNub Monkey.<br />My only complaint, it is pretty pricey & the stuffed animal is not a very good quality."
"My baby boy loves these, but they came in the wrong color (If that matters!)"
came a few days late and not the same color as advertised  but cute
"Very excited to try this out with my God-Son. He was born premie, 4lbs, and this is the pacifier they have him. Hoping he takes to it again.<br />My one problem is, Levi is a lot smaller than he looks in pictures. My one concern is if it detaches or not. The company says it does, yet parents say it doesn't. I haven't opened it yet so I'm not sure. If it doesn't, that's not a good thing. But hey if he loves it, so be it !"
Baby do not love to eat
Received rolled but it did stick to mh wall
"That gift was a winner, the baby loves it"
"Very soft, but the picture is totally misleading! The giraffe is an ugly brown color, not orange like in the picture. Same goes for the tiger - all the animals except for the elephant are the same taupe/brown color. Wish I had known before purchasing."
like it
helpfull
My baby loves them
"we used this bag while my lo was an infant and it flew with us for 4 trips (8 flights).  ours is not ripped or torn at all, but it is a bit dirty.  it did it's job though - protected our car seat and kept it clean and dry.  would definitely buy again!"
"The packaging was terrible to give as a gift, but the product itself is cute."
My daughter loves them!
Our son uses it to chew on while teething and works well for him.
It seems well made but our baby wanted nothing to do with it.
This is for fun...so yes the nipple is a bit on the stiff side
For me the only thing missing from this is a way to separate clean pacifiers from dirty ones.
silver piggy bank
my grandson loves this! he would not sleep with the lights off before.
"These gumdrop pacifiers are the only type my baby will take.  My older daughter used the Mam pacifiers but my baby hated those and spit them right out.  I was desperate one day because my baby was crying and fussing despite being fed, changed and burped.  I had received one of these sample pacifiers in the mail so I popped it in her mouth and she immediately quieted down, started sucking and fell asleep.  I ordered this 5 pack right away after that and have not been disappointed.  The only thing I do not like is that this brand does not make a pacifier clip.  I ended up using a JJ Cole pacifier loop that can loop through the hole on the end and then clip to her clothing.  Also, these pacifiers can be a little tricky to clean so I use the narrow end of a bottle brush to clean them and then sterilize them in the microwave.  Works just fine for me, but does take extra time."
My little one loves his dragon!
inexpensive and lightweight.
wish these things came with splash guards
my daughter uses this to hang her collection of sock monkey stuffed animals in her room.  she ran out of room to keep them on her bed and this keeps them off the floor and out of the way.
my granddaughter loves this
this has been a life saver for us! wish it was less expencive though!
these were a bit tough to install but only because my cabints are made of hard wood.  must drill a pilot hole and it is much easier.  they work as described and do the job
what i needed and shipped on time but wish price was less for such a simple item.
"i thought these were regular washcloths as it is not stated otherwise, however, be warned: these are baby washcloths."
Smaller than expected.
"i'm a size 36dd in bra and a medium in regular tops. i ordered a large and it was a little big. i could have just purchased the medium and used the extender if i needed it. also, the tag on the back is upside down. it throws me off a little when i put it on but it's not really a big deal."
"Oh look, I can see my baby's bink bink when it falls out. This product ensures that lazy fathers can, indeed, do something productive in the wee hours of the night with their small human child. The only drawback occurs during that period when you first wake up from a dream and feel like you are staring into the glowing eye of a dragon or other such beast."
Much smaller than anticipated.
Works as intended
our baby loves them.  durable.
"These are slightly larger than the Stage 1 pacifiers in places:  the bulb that goes in the mouth and the hard plastic front.  My son didn't want to switch to these at first, but now he loves them.  I only wish that they came in solid colors and/or more neutral tones.  The orange is not really attractive and the gender neutral designs are even worse."
i got this when my son was just 2 months old and this was where i would put him on his tummy time. now he's 6 months and he loves this play gym. i would give it a 5 if this was a little larger in size.
Baby loves these.  He also could poke his hand into his mouth still because of the holes  Which I'm not sure is a plus or minus
can cover a lot.
had a recall on the buckle
excellengt
kid loves it
my daughter loves the crib.
just what we were looking for
the side cracked after just a few months use and we had to use duct tape on it but it still works.  the stroller was not misused in anyway whatsoever so the only thing we can figure is the folding and unfolding caused the crack.
"decent spoons. perform spoon-y functions. the bowl of the spoon is shallow enough that my infant daughter can get all the food off. we have had issues with some other smaller spoons that are deeper - she can't really remove all the food yet. unfortunately these spoons are a bit long for self-feeding, yet the smaller spoons are too deep. we need to find a brand that combines both, i guess. i don't find the &#34;resting&#34; edge to work all that well - they tip sometimes. also, for some reason the blue spoon is staining, but the others are not."
a little expensive but fit my medelas for day care.
Works well for my baby. Although the colors I got are not the same as the image. A pink pacifier for my boy!
Funny gag gift. Actual usability is questionable. The size is really big but the nipple part doesn't go out very far.
Product was smaller than expected but baby seems to like it
Baby likes it
"I'm a sucker for anything featuring the British flag. Upon seeing this set, I had to get it. My only complaint: it's a classic bottle. I don't understand why AVENT classic bottles have three pieces (main bottle, nipple, and the stupid inside ring). It's just a pain."
We tried these because they were the only pacifiers our daughter will use but our son isn't as crazy about them as she is. They don't seem hard enough for him. If I put my finger through the back of the nipple and he closes down on my finger he is satisfied.
"delivery took forever. i had to message the seller to ask them to ship it sooner. the delivery estimate was wrong. if we knew how long it would take to just get the mattress on the road, we would've paid for shipping. -1 star<br /><br />the mattress itself fits my daughter's cosco play yard perfectly. no gaps on the sides. the mattress is a bit on the firm side but it makes it easy for her to crawl and stand up. mattress cover is kinda crunchy which adds to the firmness of the mattress."
"it is what it is. my child loves it, so i bought a spare, just in case.....<br />kind of expensive for what it is, but if it works, just get it."
"just like the old days with my kids.  pricey, but they don't break when dropped like  the hard plastic ones grandaughter uses.  very tight lids"
"BPA free and not cheaply made, closed nipple so water or moisture doesn't get in the nipple so I like these and baby likes them too, only issue is that baby has trouble keeping them in his mouth, the &#34;vaccuum&#34; that the other brand we have tried creates helps to keep the pacifier in his mouth which is helpful. Still I like these and will continue to use them"
A lot smaller than I thought.
Works well and I like the case they come in
"5 stars because it's an Avent pacifier and my son is obsessed with them... 3 stars because it doesn't glow in the dark longer than 10 minutes = median of 4 stars.<br /><br />My son loves his Avent pacifiers.  I hate being woken up in the middle of the night because he has lots his pacifier under his pillow, in his blanket, etc.  I thought that this pacifier would make finding the lost paci in the middle of the night a little easier.  That is certainly not the case.  This paci does glow when you first turn the lights out but with anything that is glow in the dark, it's not going to last too long.<br /><br />I had realistic expectations when I bought these pacifiers.  I didn't really think that they would glow all night long... I was just kinda hoping!  The win is that he loves this paci as much as any of his other Avent pacis so it still gets used."
"the medium and large of this product are the same length, the medium just has smaller holes for head/arms. it's very long on my daughter which makes it hard to walk in but it keeps her warm and she can stand up in her crib. she couldn't get her footing in a traditional sleep sack and would end up like an angry turtle on her back."
1
"i like it, but it does dirty easily."
My baby loves these
Just like the ones received in the hospital.
"The reason I give 4 star, is only because of the shipping. It came without a plastic bag and the box was scratched! The box is also a reason I purchased this product, 'cause it keeps the pacifier clean. It looks dirty when the box is scratched."
Not quite what I expected for $20 but my son loves it he won't take any other paci not even a soothie without the dragon and my toddler keeps trying to steal it. Considering buying a second just to have a backup
does the job!
"thought these would be thicker than they are, but they do the job."
Used for a baby shower diaper cake
"nice,easy to use"
"the leg of my elephant wubbanub stitching has come undone, and became a hazard for my little one.  i had to do a rough stitching to put it back together so she couldn't get to the webbing of tiny balls and eat them."
keeps my son out of trouble and gives him space to crawl around and not feel confined
The only pacifier my son will take but not always however I like the design and the fact that it's non toxic
"I love these pacifiers. I hate that you cant choose the color you get. So my son now has pink ones, but they get the job done."
"My daughter only likes these pacifiers but when sterilizing and washing them, water gets trapped inside and doesn't dry out well."
"Wonderful idea.  I highly recommend this for parents who have a hard time giving their babies meds. When my son was sick, i gave him the meds VEERRRYYY slowly, and it worked."
"work as advertised.  as with any glue on device, the sticky tape must be renewed occasionally."
My niece loves this!  It's smaller than what I expected though.
It's cute but my son thinks it's sad because of how the face looks
okl
Does the job!
"I like it, but baby didn't. She decided she preferred another pacifier shape.  At least she likes to chew on the lamb."
"These seem to be a little thicker than the green soothies, but my daughter loves them just the same"
"it's a little harder to get it out of the base than the other snugride we had before, but it is narrow and allowed us to fit three carseats across the back of a prius. (the other two are diono radians.)it also seems to be longer, which is great because i have tall kids!"
"these are great emergency teethers when you're out and about with the little one. even when i forget a toy for him to play with while we're in stores, i can put this around his neck and voila!  his mouth and hands are occupied for another 10 minutes. my 10 month old now occupies his hands with this necklace while i'm feeding him as well.<br /><br />the only issue i had - along with anything made to wear from silicone - was that my hair snagged between the beads.  granted, it was every time i tried to take it off and i carelessly rolled it up and down my neck.  so long as i grab the necklace from the back, lifted out and away from my neck to pull over my head, i had no problems.  also, it never snagged on my hair while i was wearing it."
"we love it. only thing, when our son isn't sitting, it can be a little tough to use. at 6 ' 200 lbs, i just barely squeeze my buns in there. that said, i do like the extra height at the table"
I think this is the cutest trio!
Too big for 6 month baby
Too big to suck to 6 month baby
"I was disappointed that I didn't get girl ones, as there was no where to choose what color pack I wanted. Fortunately, my baby doesn't care what they look like, as long as it's the right bink."
not the color i choose
This was exactly what I needed for my daughter. Ultimately resulted in less time looking for a missing pacifier!
kiut.. but packaging was damaged
"finally a sippy cup that doesn't leave drops of milk and water all over the house, car seat, bike seat, etc! i'm throwing out all the other cups!<br />we hand wash exclusively but the pattern has completely washed off after about 2 months of daily use."
"i'm not sure what the other options are, but this works very well."
buy a size larger. this is our second purchase because the first was way too tight on our average size toddler.
it's smaller than i thought.
The only problem is that there's no way to attach these to my baby's clothes.  Wish they could be used with some sort of leash so they don't get dropped so often.
"Glows all night long, and the little cut outs let her skin breath through all the drool!"
"The holder keeps the pacifier from falling and makes it easier for us to find it. Too bad, the toy is permanently attached to the pacifier so I can't use other pacifiers for this holder and it's hard for me to sterilize it."
"These are OK!<br />Water does get inside! We threw it away after a while.  I don't understand why they make it so water can get inside.<br /><br />Luckily my baby spits it out at around 9 months so we won鈥檛 have to.  When you see 2 year olds sucking on this, it's only the tip of the iceberg and the problem is near by.  I saw it once and couldn鈥檛 get the horrible image out of my head for months.  Reminded me of Chucky."
dont feet in a lot of places!!! they teld you and it eas my fault but they can change that...
"I like these, but they leave an imprint in baby's cheeks. I prefer the round ones from another brand."
thank you
Arrived after baby shower.  Will save for next girl baby shower.
used this with my car seat several times - the bag has stood up longer than i'd imagined.
"i bought this rocker for my 3 month old baby. she loves being put in it.<br />pros:<br />light&portable<br />cute color<br />easy to assemble<br />can be used at different stages due to seating adjustment<br />vibration is soothing<br /><br />cons:<br />battery change place is not easily accessible<br />does not rock well<br />hanging toy height cannot be adjusted, my new born can't reach it"
Granddaughter loves it.
We tried all kinds.  This one was the only one she would take.  The hospital had these when our kid was in the NICU so we kept using them.
"Love the glow in the dark feature.  Unfortunately the listing that I ordered from shows a blue pacifier, but I keep receiving pink.  I have tried telling amazon that I want blue, but there doesn't seem to be a way to select the color when ordering."
needs a cover and a strin but it works greeat. it always falls from her mouth without a string. but....
"we bought this product for two reason comfort and safety<br />style comes third ,we were torn between this and diono radian rxt<br />we only want the best for our little one.did a lot of research and diono radian has better<br />review and safety and sturdy , but we are not sure about how comfy it is. plus this two product are hard to find in stores,<br />to feel them.the only this i don't like about this product is its not flame resistant and for some reason when you tighten the<br />straps for the car seat , you cant recline the position , its either im doing something wrong or once its place you cant adjust the<br />seats anymore<br /><br />pros:comfy ,style, safety<br />cons:not fire resistant"
Not like the picture but I just bought them for fun.  I will say they are ugly fo baby but if you want to jst play a joke like I did then go for it.
works well but was pretty difficult to get together and to stay on the mattress... but works as it should once you get it put together and get the pieces to stay in place when you put the mattress on it.
Bought these as a package add on to the worm with more already attached. They seem odd compared to the regular types. They are not able to replace the ones attached to the small stuffed animals.
Recommended along with te AVENT Bottles that were purchased as a baby shower gift. The bottles were on a gift registry
I ordered these for a baby gift and like the pacifiers but they were not exactly the same as the ones in the photo (they were navy blue instead of the red/navy .)  I would recommend these but would have preferred to get what was in the photo.
was not completely satisfied. this product had some small damage. we will have to cover with paint in several areas.
"my baby had latch problems which caused me tons of nipple pain. this helped us both to make it through breastfeeding. although it definitely helps reduce the pain, it tends to move around, which can be annoying. recommendation: lubricate it with lanolin first to help it stick to your breast."
"We use this at the bottom of a stairwell to protect small children from falling on steps. It requires drilling into the wall for installation and really cannot be used with one hand. It is tricky to open and close, but we like it because there is no bulky metal gate swinging around when not in use.  And because it is made of fabric, little ones cannot grab onto it and shake, push, pull on it."
"i do like this mat however, my husband slipped one day as the mat was not laying flat. i would buy again."
the seat keeps my sons head from leaning foward while he sleeps. now he can just lay to the side!
Read carefully -- the photo here says translucent but it says &#34;colors my vary&#34; in the description. I didn't notice that when I was ordering them. t was hoping for clear and got colors instead. There's another listing for translucent without the color option so choose carefully.
i have replaced her sippy cups with this flip straw cup and she really likes using it. the straw will leave a little bit of liquid down at the bottom just because you can't move it around to get it all up but it's not a big deal- i had heard that it stopped a 1/4&#34; from the bottom but ours literally touches the bottom of the cup.<br /><br />pros-<br />comfortable for baby to hold<br />easy for her to use- only took a couple times to understand how to suck liquid out<br /><br />cons-<br />annoying to pull straw out and clean<br />will splash if baby sucks liquid to top of straw and pulls away without squeezing it again to let liquid back down
"i initially bought two other cowboys pacifiers from amazon that where 3+ months and they had little bumps on the pacifier for my baby's gums. Until someone boiled them and got water stains all in it plus the batman pacifiers i had for him as well. anyways i like these as well but they were shaped different and didnt have the bumps for ortho use. i thought they were the same pacifiers just because they only show one picture, but when i got them i was slightly disappointed but of course my baby love his pacifiers."
this crib sheet is one of the softest i've found. the only issue is it is very thin and two of the four corners have already ripped a little. it won't last for a long time before the holes get bigger. my son loves the trucks on it so i may have to purchase another.
"easy to put together and break down and are quality made.  my one big complaint?  why do you have to make the carrying bag so small and snug.  you try to save $1.00 on the extra size of the bag and it irritates me to have to work so carefully to get everything back in the bag.  put handles on the outside of the bag as well please.  if you don't line up the bed platform with the handle showing, there is nothing to carry the bag back to basement."
She only uses the soothies and we tried this and others and this was the only other one she would take.  I didn't like how it made a like across her nose though.
"My baby won't use a regular pacifier anymore - only the WubbaNubs!<br /><br />My only complaint with this one, was that the stitching between the Wubbanub and the pacifier had a few loose strings when it came - but nothing that couldn't be snipped away before use."
i bought these after trying the medala bags (which i hated because they leaked when you lay them down). these don't leak so that's a big plus!!! i'd measure bedore you pour it in the bag and then write the measurement on here.
"I got this to put dirty/wet clothing and burp cloths in when out and about. I keep it in the diaper bag and never has anything else in the diaper bag got wet. The bag will keep other things next to it dry. I like that the big bag has the plastic clincher but I was disappointed that the small bag doesn't have one too, it is impossible to keep close without it. I got this set because of the little bag was included but the little bag is a waste of money and time."
This is the only pacifier my baby will take.  Picks up fuzz a little too quickly (vs hard plastic) because of the gummy material.
"just used this on my graco lightrider stroller. totally did the job. it doesn't &#34;fit&#34; or anything, looks pretty clumsy overall, but when you've got rain and you're in a city and you've got to take the dog out, etc鈥?it works."
"I don't see a problem with them, but my son would rather use Avent or Soothie pacifiers. He just ins't a fan of the GumDrop."
"I keep one of these in our diaper bag, the handle on our car seat is too wide for it to hook around"
My baby loves these over the traditional pacifiers but he also uses the AVENT bottles. The only draw back is there are difference in manufacturing from when I have bought spares a month a part. The base has been difference thicknesses and the baby can tell the difference since he will spit out the thicker ones.
not sure if it reduced gas but i can see the liner shrink as my baby drinks.  i like that i don't need to wash the bottle but it's hard to tell how much milk is left if my baby finishes half way.
"these are definitely fine but I found my 2 year old prefers the newborn, softer pacifier. there's nothing wrong wrong with these but they're definitely firmer."
the suction cup on this toy really needs to be stronger.<br /><br />while our son loves playing with this he often ends up removing the suction cup base from the surface we had stuck it on instead of the top and base separating. this isn't really a deal breaker for this toy just slightly annoying since he then pries apart the base and top and now i have two toys to find when he inevitably flings them across the room.
"this runs large as others have said on here. it will shrink a little bit but not much. not sure why it's made so big but with a fitted sheet over it, it works."
"keeps my grandson busy for awhile but, its a little difficult getting them in and out with the tray on."
"good!purchased for my friend, i think it is not bad, she didn't say anything bad of it, it works well"
"pros:<br />- durable<br />- washable<br />- adjustable back and feet supports<br />- huge table<br />- moves easily enough, but only when you want it to,<br />not when your kid is going tornado in it<br /><br />cons:<br />- heavy! i mean, not the base, but the table itself<br />weights too much<br />- very weird strap system, feels flimsy and is hard<br />to put on an agile child :)"
"This pacifier was recommended to me by a lactation consultant because they are thinner and lighter than other pacifiers. Unfortunately, my son just won't take any pacifier."
when the pacifier came in i thought the monkey would be a little bigger. the monkey on this thing is small....all in all it will go perfect with my monkey based basket for my friends baby shower...i gave the four stars because i was very disappointed in the size of the plush.
"It's adorable, baby loves it,  my only issues are that I'm unable to put it in my steam sterilizer and you can't change out the pacifier should it become damaged."
"i think it helps my baby at his 10 month and after,,thanks...remember my baby boy is an active one..so he could not stay in it for longer which we hoped..item is good..cuz you dont get tired after for a while..you need to adjust you and your husbands size to feel that.(indoor and outdoor too )."
"I love the NUK pacifiers, but the colors they came in are horrible. A neon green and a dark pink for my son. No thank you. I went through the hassle of returning them.<br /><br />I have to update my review. They did come in horrible colors, but Amazon let me keep them, but also returned my money. I did buy NUK pacifiers again, because in my opinion they are the best. I just went to a store and bought them there to insure the color I am getting."
"Oh, It is cute but a little dirty when i go it! I think my little nephew will love it!"
I'm still pregnant so I haven't got to use it yet but hopefully it holds up and stays together well. I guess it's a little on the expensive side for a pacifier but it was giraffe and I couldn't pass it up!
I swear by these...I feel like they breathe better...less plastic around his mouth. The come with a box for steam sanitizing in the microwave.
"I want to preface my review by saying that these seem like great pacifiers and had we bought them earlier in my baby's life, she might have taken to them. Unfortunately, we didn't introduce them until 18 months and switching so late in the game was not going to happen. I wish I had known about them earlier.  The price is a little crazy but if it saves you the orthodontic costs later in life I guess it is not so expensive after all :)<br /><br />My almost 2-year old has had a pacifier addiction since birth. Since around 12 months she has only been using one for sleep.  She prefers the Soothies to the exclusion of all others. Since she had begun teething, she was chewing on them and biting small holes in the newborn Soothies that she preferred (0-3 month) and we had to replace them almost every day.  So, we started buying the stiffer 3+ month Soothies.<br /><br />At her 18-month pedi appointment he noted that her teeth were developing crookedly.  I had noticed this myself so was not surprised with the report.  He suggested switching to the orthodontic kind. We bought binky after binky hoping she would give one a chance. The clear silicone ones were not going to happen.  She would look at them, yell at me, and throw them on the floor.<br /><br />Fast forward a few days:  I saw these online, the price was steep but it was the opaque type of material sort of similar to the Soothie so I bought two sizes 0-6 months and the 6+ months (she prefers the size and texture of the newborn pacis).  She put it in her mouth for a few seconds and spit it out.  Then she refused to take it again.<br /><br />We now give her the 0-3 month Soothies again(luckily she stopped biting through them after a couple of weeks of intense teething).  They are much less stiff than the 3+ month Soothies and her teeth are looking better but not perfect.  I do think the stiffness was a big part of the problem.<br /><br />Although I am sure that other parents would disagree, taking away the binky is not an option in my mind due to her level of attachment.  So, I put it into perspective:  there are way worse things than crooked teeth.  As the pedi said, this is crooked teeth, not cancer.  Enough said.n option in my mind due to her level of attachment.  So, I put it into perspective:  there are way worse things than crooked teeth.  As the pedi said, this is crooked teeth, not cancer.  Enough said."
"i needed this for taking both of my little grandsons for walks.  it's just what i wanted, the boys can go for a stroll every morning!"
"not too bad, cheaper then in stores did the job! not as sturdy as i thought it might be but it did the job"
"after doing months of research, my husband and i finally decided to purchase the withings monitor system because it had everything we wanted: two-way communication, music, and (most importantly) wi-fi capable so we can could see our child when we're outside of the home. while our child hasn't been born yet, we've played with the system & works just as described.<br /><br />we are disappointed in the purchase because amazon llc said it was a &#34;new&#34; item, but when we opened the box there were no directions included (which we simply thought was a mistake, so we looked them up on the manufacturer's website) and someone else's information was always imputed into the system. it had someone else's child's name, their date of birth, email address, wi-fi info, etc. i immediately deleted all of their information just in case they could still be connected to the system. very disappointed that it was not actually new but was already used. we would have returned it, but we're less than a week away from our due date and don't want to take any chances of not having one when our daughter is born."
"this works for helping keep our son on the changing table, which is exactly what we bought it for. i woulf recommend getting a cover for it, or putting down  a recing blanket to help with cleaning. since there is a pattern/texture worked into the waterproof cover, dirty blowout dipers can be extra hard to clean."
they shrunk and are now a little tight. i hang them to dry but they shrunk anyway. also. they are more bulky then i thought they would be. they contain small leaks well
"hard to find in local store, had to buy online. very sturdy gate for dogs(20-18 lbs). i'm planning in buying another one to use when i go camping (rv)."
"some reviews said these blocks have strong smell. that was why i regreted ordering this at the beginning. however, i found these were not so bad when they arrived. i hardly smell anything."
"i love the piece of mind that comes with knowing this thing is well built. it is thin and fits well in, the middle seat rear facing of, our volvo xc90. it is rather tall so i can see how it would block the view, out the back window, in other vehicles. our child is only 8 months but he out grew his 30/30 at 6.5 months. this one has plenty of space for him to grow. we will be traveling in the near future so i am not looking forward to taking it through the airport, as it is rather heavy. wish they could make a travel cart like the britax."
This paci isn't bad - but hard to tell which way to put it in the mouth when lighting isn't great.
"I had received a RaZbaby Keep-it-Kleen in a Stork Stack.  I left it with my family while they watched our baby when we were out of the house for a few hours.  Until that visit, we had been using Natursutten pacifiers for the baby.  Our family gave it to the baby and it was an instant hit.  One of the biggest issues with using pacifiers is if they drop, unless you have something handy to clean the pacifier, you are out of luck.  The Keep-It-Kleen pacifiers automatically close as they fall away from your baby's mouth.<br /><br />I ended up purchasing a couple of the RaZbaby pacifiers to keep on hand, including Rosa Penguin.<br /><br />There are a few cons to the pacifiers, which is why I didn't give it five stars. One is for younger newborns/babies, the closing of the pacifier can anger them if they pop it out a little too far before trying to retrieve it instantly which mouth suction. The second is the design can leave them very slimey with saliva and drool. Regular cleaning or swapping with a replacement helps with this.  Lastly, the flaps will likely leave an imprint where it laid around the baby's mouth, but a lot of pacifiers will do that."
"I had received a RaZbaby Keep-it-Kleen in a Stork Stack. I left it with my family while they watched our baby when we were out of the house for a few hours. Until that visit, we had been using Natursutten pacifiers for the baby. Our family gave it to the baby and it was an instant hit. One of the biggest issues with using pacifiers is if they drop, unless you have something handy to clean the pacifier, you are out of luck. The Keep-It-Kleen pacifiers automatically close as they fall away from your baby's mouth.<br /><br />I ended up purchasing a couple of the RaZbaby pacifiers to keep on hand, including Panky Panda.<br /><br />There are a few cons to the pacifiers, which is why I didn't give it five stars. One is for younger newborns/babies, the closing of the pacifier can anger them if they pop it out a little too far before trying to retrieve it instantly with mouth suction. The second is the design can leave them very slimey with saliva and drool. Regular cleaning or swapping with a replacement helps with this. Lastly, the flaps will likely leave an imprint where it laid around the baby's mouth, but a lot of pacifiers will do that."
"My daughter loves them, but I don't.  They never stay in her mouth, as soon as she doses off and stops sucking, it falls right out, I hate it!! I have tried to get her to take other pacifiers...nope!  She gives them 4 stars...I'd give them 1."
simple install if you have a latch system in your car.  the angles when rear facing dont work well for a 2005 subaru outback.  it leaves very small space to squeeze child in between back of door opening and the side of car seat.
This was the type used by the hospital where my son was born..he is hung up on these now and won't use the flat nipple style anymore..
"Really beautifiul pacifers. I thought it was the 4, but still is not that expensive for 2. I Recommend it."
"My daughter is 5 months old, and since she was born, she used the Gerber First essentials soft center pacifier. But she is reaaally a sucker, so she expanded it and broke it. After that I bought almost 10 different pacifiers, but she wouldn't take none!! I was desperate...until I found this. Although she is 5 months, she seems to like bigger rounded pacis so I thought this should be it..and it was. So grateful by the quality and fast shipment, they solved my life. BUT, the only downfall is that because is all made of latex, the rounded part sticks to the side, and it's very annoying, and it seems to capture a lot of dust and hairs...but other than that, a great product."
Wish they came in larger sizes! my baby is growing out of these and the bigger ones are all too hard.
I wish you could pick the design yourself - plain colors are boring . also my daughter didn't care for the flat nipple - the curved / profiled are better. used them for a month and disposed - noticed that she likes nuby pacifiers better
They do exactly what they are supposed to and they are reversible. It's hard to improve of the simple design.<br /><br />The only negative feature is the transparency. It is hard to find them on a carpet in a dimly lit room (e.g. a nursery).
really likes it  but now too small.  we will share this with his cousin when she is born in a few weeks.
i like the bank. i gave it as a shower gift. the packaging was somewhat dirty and beat up when i receive it.
now i have ease of mind when driving with my little one. unfortunately the middle seat where his car seat is has a head rest and the adaptor to fit over the headrest makes the mirror slide back and forth at times.
"My baby girl didn't like any of the suckers prior to this one. She is two months old, and can hold onto the lamb part as she suckles, and that helps it stay in place.<br /><br />I wish it would detach from the lamb. I think I will have to hand wash it because I don't want the entire thing getting run through the washermachine."
Our little boy just loves this. He's still trying to grab and hold things and kept knocking his soother out of his mouth. But this stays in place and he can hold on to it against his chest.
Works as expected.  I would give it 5 stars but its a bit slippery on the bottom and has a tendency to slide all over the place.
Difficult to sterilize because of the monkey attatched to it... I wonder if anyone has written that in an amazon review before? But the little cuddly makes it easier for a younger baby to hold.
"muy util para limpiar la nariz del bebe, lo unico es que hay que tener cuidado con el recipiente deposito de fluidos, el mismo es un poco delicado en el sistema de cerrado, se rompen las pesta帽as y queda impedido para mantener el deposito en posicion."
"I got this for may coming baby. She is due on May. Haven't use it yet, but I like it even that I did see anything &#34;Mommy's Girl&#34;"
I just hate when they send at random a color. I was hoping for something girly and got a blue monkey and blue heart. The heart can work but not the monkey. I am unable to return being home bound disabled sure wish they would change there ordering ways even yellow would of been better. Other than that the product is fine.
i like the colors and designs the only thing that can be improve its the thickness of the corner padding because its too thin.
bought this to go with my other motorola camera and handset.  i gave the overall system a 4 star review as well.
"As described, but smaller than I expected.  The pacifier loop won't stay on my baby's pacifier, so I just took it off."
i kept this calendar in my daughter's room and wrote a few things in it each week.  i then used it to make her baby book. i really like the stickers and set up of each month.
"the weather shield does exactly what we hoped save one thing.  the way the bottom of the shield is supposed to attach does not work properly.  the shield works, unaffected by this small flaw, even in inclement weather."
Our baby doesn't like this shape passy. She will only take the one given to us at the hospital that seems to flatten out. Disappointed but not sure it's the products issue.
"We love the pacifiers, hate that we couldn't pick the colors-  not even &#34;boy&#34; or &#34;girl&#34;-  so, my son has neon pink and green pacifiers in his mouth.  SIGH-"
my daughter prefers the latex nuk over the silicone. can't find the nuk brand of these in stores. only complaint is that I wsh I could have chosen the color(s).
Works well but difficult to clean the pacifier properly without wetting the lamb. Then have to wait for it to dry before use
but my little one loved to hold onto the frog and chew the pacifier when teething.. until the dog ate the pacifier. It's too bad that you can't remove or replace the pacifier
my little one is still getting used to the pacifier but loves this toy otherwise.  she snuggles with it at nights
"good car seat.  chose this one for its safety reviews, but very disappointed that you can't get an extra base to change from one vehicle to another.  very inconvenient."
worked for us for our large dining room table. this keeps my daughter from pulling off the corner guards that were merely adhesive.the only problem i have is the food that gets stucks under the sheild.
it's a decently priced cars eat. not too padded but daughter only rides in it a few times a week.
this base is more compact than the base that came with the carseat. it doesn't have the easy release latches but wasn't too difficult to move around. it fit in the planeside check carseat bag attached to the carseat which was nice. going to use it as an extra base.
"Geez!  This is so ridiculously simple - why didn't I think of it?!<br /><br />Great for attaching teething rings and any type of hanging baby toy that has a ring on it.  Keep in mind, it's not like a pacifier clip that you can literally clip to your baby's outfit.  It has to be snapped onto a carrier handle, car seat/stroller strap, etc.  So if you're carrying your baby around it won't work like the binky clips do.<br /><br />For that reason only, I gave it 4 stars."
"My son wouldn't take a pacifier, but we tried this one and he would take it every once in a while..."
"These pacifiers are well designed and my daughter likes them! However, the Style and colors may vary is not really nice if you are buying a gift and want something specific. But it does not really matter if you are buying for every day use by your kids since all designs are acceptable."
we put this cover at the base of our fire place to stop our toddler from cracking her head when she was learning to walk. the picture pretty much says it all. it will not be a fashionably dramatic addition to your living space but you will keep it after seeing your kid fall and bang her head on the edge of what might have been a granite stone edge but instead was a good layer of foam.
my daughter loves chewing on these. my fear however is that the regular elastic holding the beads could snap so i'm constantly checking how it's holding up before letting her play/chew on it.
These are so well made and my son loves it.  The only problem is that they are like crack for your kids.  My son will not use any other pacifier now that he has wubbanub. If it goes missing its an all APB to find it or he won't go to sleep.  So he has one and we have 2 on reserve.
He was smaller than I expected but he will still work for his purpose and still is something for the little one to hang on to.
"cute my son enjoys it, but the sounds and music can get pretty annoying. but it doess entertain my son"
We got these at the hospital and they are the only ones my son will use. He can even put them into his mouth all by himself.
we havent had it long but he loves sitting in the chair and looks very comfortable. it was a little difficult to install but that is history now.
"i've had the travel crib for two years now, and based on previous reviews, i decided not to buy the expensive crib sheet and instead use less expensive travel cot sheets. hmmm. for two years, i've struggled to make them fit (two different brands). lots of headaches. finally bought the baby bjorn sheet and what do you know... it fits. easily. it is also very, very soft. i haven't washed or used it yet (other than to try it on the mattress), so i'll have to see how it holds up. (my only concern is that it can't be tumble dried. does anyone else put it in the dryer - and does it still hold up? - or do you let it air dry?) the tumble dry thing is a bit of a bummer to me, but not the end of the world since we don't use the travel crib a ton.<br /><br />still, in my experience, i disagree that other (non-baby bjorn) sheets fit. at least, i didn't find one that did. if you're going to spend about $250 on a travel crib, just buy the coordinating sheet."
i bought this for my daughter but i ended up giving the other 2 away fo 2 friends who have small kids like me. my daughter loves elmo so this product really helped me with the transition from bottle to cup.
"I guess in my post-natal fog I didn't realize this was supposed to suction cup to the car window. No matter, the little guys are attached with velcro loops so I just took them off and put them on the car seat handle. Baby stares at them for hours!"
"This product is a little awkward to adjust, which makes moving it to different locations a little annoying.  If you're going to leave it in one place, it's great.  This is the biggest gate I could find, and it is pretty tough.  We use it to contain our dogs in the house, and they have chewed on both the wood and wire, and it has stood up well."
We bought this for our daughters baby shower. Her husband is a big fan and we know they will love it. We're skeptical about letting the baby use it due to the reports we have read about the paint running when it gets wet.
"my 2 month old cried the whole time he was in his car seat.  we just assumed he was uncomfortable.  we finally figured out, he was bored.  when he was little, it gave him something to look at.  now that he's 4 months, it gives him something to play with.  love that the adjustable ends will fit onto just about anything.  several people have asked where we got it.<br /><br />i'm only giving it 4 stars because the piece that spins if you pull the cord is a little junky and doesn't work well, which is too bad, because little one is all about spinning objects."
"love this potty watch. after the initial \\learning to use the potty\\ my son got bored with it, and regressed, waiting to go until he'd wet his pants just a bit each time. the potty watch totally changed that, i set it for the longest setting (90 minutes, wish it had a 2 hour setting) and he'd go when it went off. no more wet underpants and no arguing, since i didn't 'ask' him to to go, the watch did!    i can't give it 5 stars because of the product quality.  we are on our 3rd potty watch. the manufacturers know this is a watch toddlers/preschoolers will wear all day... & will wear to the potty... and therefore be washing their hands. it is really not the least bit water proof, it's barely water-resistant. i think because of the way it's disassembled to change the batteries, the water gets right into the little computer board if the kids really get any water on it at all. this at best will make it only light up and no longer play music, at worst, it will stop working entirely. big design flaw!"
this has helped our 6 month old (3 months adjusted) sleep through the night.  the only bad thing about the one we received is it does have a zipper. it is two pieces of foam that goes into a case. the foam pieces are not exactly the same height so there is a bump in the middle when put into the case.
esta bonito los colores spon hermoso envio rapido lo unico la sabana del colchon arrugada el precio muy bueno por eso lo pude comprar me parece muy inteligentes q vendan productos buenos y con buen precio  otro detalle q no llego empacado en bolsa. por lo demas todo esta bien
i got these only to use as burp clothes.  the get smaller and kind of rippley looking once washed and dried but my little one is a very messy eater so i need a lot of cloth.  works well
"It is very heavy for a pacifier, but it gets a lot of attention when I let my daughter use it, which was the point. It's not the style pacifier she's used to but she doesn't seem to mind using it, but she doesn't prefer it over the avent paci."
"This is the cutest little thing, but my granddaughter is not a paci freak like her mother was.  The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the pacifier does not detach from the cute little kitty making it very difficult to sterilize."
"i purchase this product a few weeks after my baby was born he wouldn't suck any other pacifier but this one. what i like about it is it is soft all over even when baby is getting ready to start teasing. its like a teasing ring and pacifier in to one. the only bad thing i have to say about them is they are so expensive two for seventeen dallors is just ridicolous. when i was a baby they were one dallor each. and then when you go into stores you can get pacifiers for about two for five or six dallors and then if you loose it you have to order the pacifiers all over again you cant just go purchase them in the store, so that leaves you with a fussy baby. i wish the price was a little cheaper and they had some store locations where you could find them"
These are the only pacifiers my son will (somewhat) take.  It's really annoying though that I purchased two packs and they are ALL pink.  PLEASE give an option to choose color or make them gender neutral!  We use them at home but come on.
My 8 month old grandson LOVES this binky - I'm just sorry I couldn't find the larger size in stores locally.
my baby had this pacifier since he was born. They had it at the hospital and the baby only likes those.
i bought this b/c baby kept spitting out paci and i was constantly having to put it back in her mouth....while she is lying on her back i find it somewhat helpful- in yhe carseat- its a godsend!
"These really are the best pacifiers for toddlers and much nicer than NUK (at least according to my little brother).  The MAM pacifiers are round on both sides of the nub, while the NUK pacifiers tend to have a flat side to rest on your tongue, however it's really a personal preference, so I'd try both with your little one to see which one they like more.  Like other reviewers though, I'm disappointed that it's impossible to choose colors or at least themes!"
"the picture is not exact. the pacifiers in the picture are the only ones my daughter will use. however these seem to work just as well. the picture is of a plastic center pacifier, the ones we recieved the nipple runs throught the center to the other side."
Wish I had the opportunity to choose the colours I got as ai got two of the same colours.
"I bought this wubbanub as we have cats in our household. For now my baby does not care much whether the stuffed animal is a cat or a frog. He does hold it while sucking on the pacifier. However, my little boy is not very much into the soothie pacifiers and only wished for these to work with other pacifiers."
My daughter likes her froggy...I only wish the pacifier was not sewn in so I could switch it out when it falls on the floor without a waterfountain in site (having four or five froggys in an already crammed diaper bag isn't practical).
it's listed on amazon under a third-party seller who charges almost $10 in shipping. the toy itself was $4......
I love the idea behind these pacifiers. My problem has been that I am unable to find a holder to attach the pacifer on to the baby's clothing that matches the color scheme for girls. I have only found the blue one for boys.
I do not like these pacifiers; the only reason I gave it a high rating is that the animal attached helps the pacifier stay in my child's mouth.
"smaller than i thought but the kids don't care, they still love it!"
"Hey, these work great and are super easy to attach to a pacifier clip, but they don't even kind of glow in the dark."
super cute. great for grabbing wipes as you walk out the door. after a week or so the wipes do dry out but this case is much easier to throw in a diaper bag than a box of wipes and it's so adorable
everyone loved them! used this for a bridal shower. though you need a lot of patience/ and or help to put these together.
good
My baby really likes these pacifiers and the handle makes them easy to hold onto or attach to his clothes (or ours if we are wearing him). The designs don't last beyond several washings though and they don't glow in the dark. I'm especially disappointed that feature doesn't work better because I ws excited to have some help when feeling around for a dropped paci in the dark while trying to soothe the baby back to sleep.
These were great. Unfortunately my daughter didn't accept any kind of pacifier but these were cute and came in a nice carrying case.
"the only reason it doesn't get 5*s is because it suddenly will fall off.  fortunately, it's fallen off when i've not been in the shower.  if i were holding it & it lost its grip, that could be dangerous.  but so far, it hasn't fallen off & has a good grip.  it's done well for me."
"baby is not here yet so i can't speak for how they work. all reviews on every website say great, but they are soo very soft and easy to use. can't wait to see my little dude in them and feel glorious about helping save our planet as well as provide better care for wee ones skin and booty, not to mention what i spent on my entire collection, disposable diaper users spend in 2 months!"
"if the beads would stay together, my son would of loved this but he ended up on one bead then string because he was too little to keep it in his mouth without dropping it or wrapping his hand around the necklace but an older baby may do better. i love the different shapes for his choosing and it's easy to clean"
"Our son likes these the best since he was a newborn, so we just got a bigger size. He is able to find his binky himself now and put it back into his mouth. We like the extra air to help avoid any rashes. The only issue was putting a daycare label on these. LOL not a product fault though."
My son loves this pacifier. He has a very easy gag reflex and this tip is short and his is able to use without gagging.
The only pacifier my baby will take but they don't glow in the dark as much as I thought they would.
"our baby loves this and i like that the animals rotate so there's always a smiling face to look at. the music selection is great, but as others have stated, i wish the volume could be turned down a little lower than the lowest setting available. we haven't had to replace the batteries yet and we've used it daily for 2 months so far."
works great !!!!!!!!!!!!  i do recommend it ....
this was delivered on time too soft and fits the mattress well. i give it four stars because i don't like the color.
I received this item quickly and hassle free which is always a plus for me.  Fortunately these pacifiers do not look like the picture and they are actually a nicer blue.  However they do have the holes around the edges so that will most likely be the one you will receive. Seller please update the picture.  We are very happy with them and hope our new nephew will like them too.
Well loved and a favorite- it finally broke after a solid year and a half of use.
"They come with their own little container to sterilize in the microwave, which is really handy. They are very cute. However, my baby just won't take them, unfortunately. Not for us, but seem to be very good quality."
it's a super cute little tent. but my baby gets upset being zipped up in there and it gets really hot inside. he sure has fun tackling and squishing it and maybe when he's older and more secure he'll use it as intended.
bought this for my daughter for her first birthday and it was adorable but the elastic in the leg away were too tight. left a mark on my daughters leg and i also bought i size up.
good product but very big
we love baby jail! i would have given 5 stars but the quality is a little lower than i expected. one of the hinges was damaged when we opened the box. it still functions right but we had to put a piece of duct tape over the sharp edge
"This item came exactly as described. I loved the idea of this but it seems to be a little more trouble than it's worth. My baby is only two months old so maybe it will work better for us as she gets older but right now it is just awkward. The toy makes the angle of the pacifier hard to get in my baby's mouth depending on how I'm holding her, and the toy also makes it easy for her to grab it out of her mouth. I will say that the toy makes it hard to lose the pacifier (my house has become a pacifier graveyard- they are everywhere). The toy itself is soft and seems well-made."
2nd favorite after mam.
"Love the look of the machine锛?looks really cool锛?works very well锛?only for the drying function锛?sometimes if I'm sterlizing 5-6 bottles at one time, after steam and dry for 60 mins they are not completely dried锛宼hat I have to add another 30mins just to dry them锛宱ther than that锛宨 love this machine."
"I love that this is an all natural material pacifier. My baby will take it once in a while for nap time and likes it the best over other pacifiers but she isn't a huge fan. The reason I think she doesn't like (and the reason I don't like it) is because of its smell.. it smells like a latex glove. Unfortunately there's no way around it. After I sterilized it I rubbed coconut oil on it and rinsed, it helped but didn't fully get rid of the smell.<br />Other than the smell, it's great! It touches baby's nose, so for breastfed babies it's more natural feeling and there's no yucky, questionable ingredients.. that's why I bought it!"
"Awesome quality, baby loves it, the pacifier has not come off in 8 months."
"Our newborn photographer had us get these to use during the photoshoot, since they don't leave any type of ring around babies' mouths. She likes these pacis, and these specific ones are a great price, but we prefer the Soothies with the Wubbanubs. Wubbanubs are much easier for my daughter to hold and maneuver, and they're much easier for us to find (especially in the middle of the night), but these are great to have on standby for the times when they're in the wash."
"My baby is now 5 months, and she has been using this pacifier for her naps and nighttime sleep since she was about 1 month old. I gave her a Soothie to use before, and bought this thinking I'd only use it as back up or when we go somewhere because it has a handle that I can attach a holder/clip.  The first time I had my baby used this, I could see by the way that she was sucking it that it was a lot more comfortable and fit better in her mouth than the Soothie. Because the nipple is softer, more flattened, and has a narrow base, the pacifier stays in her mouth better than the Soothie.  It will stay in her mouth sometimes the entire length of her nap or for a few hours each night before falling out, even after she stopped sucking.  With the Soothie, it kept falling out of her mouth as soon as she stopped sucking.  The other day, I tried to give her her Soothie back to try again, and she sucked it and it fell out of her mouth. I kept putting it back in, but either she pushed it out with her tongue, or it was falling out because of the way she was sucking (she was used to how this pacifier kinda &#34;hangs&#34; in mouth better because of the narrow base and fatter nipple). So I actually tried sucking on both pacifiers myself - this one is MUCH softer and natural feeling than the stiff, straight nipple of the Soothie.  If I was a baby, I'd definitely prefer sucking on this one! I personally think it probably resembles a real nipple more because of its soft, compressed/flatter nipple.  I breastfeed, and when my baby feeds, my nipple looks flattened when she pulls off.<br /><br />The only negative about this pacifier is that water gets into the inside of the pacifier whenever I wash them.  I always wash them by hand with some warm water and soap and ALWAYS get water into the nipple.  It leaks in somehow from the base.  I don't think there's a way to take of the base without breaking it to clean the inside.  But I guess it doesn't matter because that part doesn't come in contact with my baby's mouth.  It is unsightly though seeing water spots on the inside of the nipple (makes it look dirty). We have really hard water though, so that may be why.  I always shake the water out as much as I can and let it air dry before giving it to my baby."
Good
"Wife loves it. Looks nice, drying feature is a plus."
My daughter loves it. I just wish you were able to separate it from the toy so that I could add the 3+ month pacifier to the toy.
Good
Nice pacifers
fit my medela pump in style to pump directly into avent bottles! yay
"it works good, but my only complaint is that it's kind of a pain because you have to wash the diapers, then wash with the product, then treads again. obviously that's kind of a pain, but it does work!"
works well. bottom and top latches don't latch at the same time - but so far it still keeps my 10 month old out of the kitchen.
this is easy to put together and a cinch to use. folding it up is a bit tricky as it seems counter intuitive. love that it can hold a ton of stuff and i'm not lugging a car seat around or a standard-size stroller.
i did not experience the strong odor like other commenters noted. my baby took to this without an issue. previously we were using soothie pacifiers only. my only comment is that the handle has been sticking together but doesn't necessarily feel sticky. i'm writing this after having the product for about five days.
Nice pacifers
"This thing is SO cute!! It's smaller in person than I thought it'd be, more like the size of a beanie baby...but in reality, would you want something any bigger for an infant? Probably not. :) Way cute, can't wait to give it to my baby someday! Yes I am that lame hopeful woman who is TTC and ordering baby items early.... :)"
Absolutely luv it
Cute and cheaper on amazon than in stores.
"I love Jasmine Giraffe &#34;pacy&#34;.  My 3 month old granddaughter is able to hold on to the &#34;toy&#34; and keeps her &#34;pacy&#34; in place.  Most of the pictures I get, my granddaughter is holding on to they toy giraffe.  I am going to buy more to add to the collection.  Loved the product."
Ahh.. what a desperate parent won't do to try to keep their baby calm and aid with sleeping. This is a super cute paci and it's a bummer that my kiddo just didn't take to pacis at all. Nice quality.
Helps keep baby happy by passie staing in place & also gives baby a friend close by!  Love it!
we got the green version originally of these pacifiers.  She loved her pacifiers when she was newborn!  But when we saw the pink and purple we thought we'd try it.  The pink pacifier blends in with things.  So we tend to lose track of it.  It's almost clear in color.  Keep in mind the pacifiers have month recommendations on these.  It's recommended to use this type until 3 months.  Sadly after the 3 month mark our baby does not want a pacifier anymore.<br />Also I could never find a good way to clip the pacifier to a pacifier clip.
Good pacifier but over time it gets sticky and delaminates.
"Love this. True to color. Sadly baby girl only used it for a few days before swearing off pacifiers, but it's cute and she gnaws on it every now and again."
we love it the only complaint i have is that it get really hot after a while wish it was made out material that breathes better baby sweats really bad in it.
"works great. use foamy shelf liner for your kids to sit on, otherwise they'll start sliding out from under the harness."
"really wish they weren't discontinuing this cup!!! i'm on baby #2 and just now have found these that do not leak!!! i love them! been through countless cups of all brands (munchkin, nuby, etc...) and these are by far the best."
"exactly what she already has,,,love it"
Good quality! My baby loves it! I just wish the pacifier was detachable for cleaning purposes.
love the pacis but I wanted the ones that where displayed in the picture. Overall I like them.
"our baby has been sleeping on this since we brought him home. it's exactly what we needed and expected. i wish it were a little more sturdy, and now, after 4 months, there's a bit of a divot in the middle where the baby has been sleeping, but for the price, it has worked really well. i suppose we are almost ready to transition to a crib anyway... :("
None available.
I wish the loop to hook it to a diaper bag was a closed loop but other than that it is awesome. It has saved us from meltdowns from the binky being dropped on the floor and needing a replacement as well as helping to keep the diaper bag more organized.
"My three month old daughter likes this pacifier. Love the cover that comes with it! Have given the product 4 stars since it is a little hard to clean. But that is a minor gripe. Overall, highly recommend this pacifier."
"Simple and very useful. We just have it attached to the arm of the stroller and it's always held tight and keeps the pacifiers clean and in reach.<br />Holds about 2 pacifiers, 3 if you cram it.<br /><br />Niced quality."
Too cute!! My newborn loves her bunny!!
Good quality and easy to use. Love this product.
Nice but the packaging was popped open
"Oh my gosh, baby LOVES this! The only drawback is that the pacifier does not detach from the stuffy.  I would much rather it be two separate pieces so that I could sanitize the paci, but all in all its still a good product."
this worked great for a teething baby.  Filled the medicine part with water and froze.  When my grandson used it it was cold on his gums and he got a drink of cold water at the same time.
Her favorite toy & pacifier. Great when dirty I just throw it in the wash!
My son loves this nuk. However it gets pretty gross inside the rubber thingy. You can clean it but its not easy.
"This is great except that our son likes to move his head around a lot and the pacifier doesn't move with him. It's very cute, though, and he loves to play with it!"
Good product
"My son will only take this type of Pacifier so we are happy to have purchased them; however, even though the showed pretty neutral colors for the the multicolor option, we got pink and yellow (for a boy).  Not complaining about the product, just the fact that the pictures do not actually represent what is sent."
"It's hard to review these, because our infant never actually learned to take a pacifier. What I can say is that they are of great quality and came well packed."
A little smaller then I had expected.  Should be able to fit a few wipes in there but not a diaper.  I bought for the print which is absolutely adorable!!
Love the color! Love Avent. Wish it had a lid/cap or holder however.
I bought this for my micro preemie niece. She LOVES it. She is able to hold onto it or grab it easily when she wants it. She has even offered it to her twin when she is crying even though she has one of her own.
"I am wishing we discovered these sooner! My son won't hold a pacifier in his mouth, it immediately falls out while he is sucking and that makes one angry baby! These pacifiers are the smooth shape recommended for breast fed babies, which our boy is, and they have the added weight of the stuffed animal to prevent the baby from shooting the pacifier out of his mouth.<br /><br />Things to think about or things that the wife doesn't like:<br /><br />You can't boil the pacifier. Because the stuffed animal doesn't detach you can't boil to sanitize, and if something gets on the stuffed animal, you have to wash the entire thing in the washing machine and then re-clean the pacifier to make sure all of the detergent is off of the pacifier."
This is great but wish it was removable to wash the pacifier.
"These are so nice. Makes find the pacifier easy. Also, easier if you have reach back in car seat to give back to baby. Kids love it as a lovie too."
"We have twins, and they LOVE their WubbaNubs.  We have many different versions (Kitty Cat, Bear, Frog, etc.) but the Dog is the absolute favorite and we must have 2 available at all times.  This will be the 4th (or possible 5th?) Dog WubbaNub we have purchased.  I'm not sure if it's because he's their favorite or something about the design of this one, but the silicone tab that connects the stuffed dog to the pacifier starts tearing much faster than any of the other versions we own and must be replaced more often.  I can't wait until we are done with pacifiers so I don't have to replaced them anymore but until then, the Brown Puppy is our twins 'bink' of choice!"
"Could these pacifiers be any cuter!! Purchased these for a friend who is expecting and she absolutely loved them. My only disappointment is that the packaging could be better (came in a small plastic bag). Nevertheless, it's a perfect choice if your looking for a good laugh :)"
"Great pacifier. I am comfortable knowing that the chances of my child choking on this are practically null (since it is all one solid piece of rubber), and my baby loves it! Only reason I'm giving it four sta rs is cuz this size is only for very young babies. My son is not yet six weeks old and I think we'll b switching over to the bigger size soon. But hey, the price ain't bad so all in all its a great deal!"
my son isn't much of a pacifier user but I do like these ones.  when he does take a paci we use these or mam. We have one other pair that have little caps that clip on which I like but these are nice ones that have a natural shape.
Adorable. Not sure how well it will work yet.
I think the concept is great! My little one rarely takes a paci but does like to play with it. It's easy for little hands to hold on to and easy to find in the crib if they lose it. It's great for little ones who use paci's!
Nice and the baby likes it.  I'd give it 5 stars if the PullyPalz came with the actual pacifier/binkie.  Four stars since you have to go out and buy it yourself.
"For a little while, these pacifiers were the only ones that would stay in my baby's mouth.  We're glad that one came with the Chicco Keyfit 30 car seat that we bought.  After about 4 months though, these no longer stayed in as well - probably because our baby's mouth shape or preference changed.  It worked well for a time though."
"big for newborns. size said 0-3 online, but box it came in said 3mos+  i still think it worked some, just a tad too large for my kids"
"I ordered these thinking that my little one would like these just as well as the Chicco Natural Fit Hard Shield Pacifiers, but he doesn't seem to like them quite as much. They're heavier, made from a different material, and the ring on the back sticks out a LOT. He likes to move his hands around, so he often knocks them out of his mouth."
Good price!
"Works perfectly, product is just as described. Easy to use, especially if you have a baby that likes the pacifier...it can be difficult to use if you cannot get the baby to suck long enough or if their mouth is still too small to use it. If I had to make the choice of an infant thermometer again I would pay a little more for a forehead thermometer which I imagine would be the easiest way to take a temperature."
"Very cute,but not that soft."
"The pacifier itself is great!  However, they do not glow in the dark at all (I have the blue ones, not sure about the others)."
"My son (19 months) hates these...but I love it! He was super addicted to his paci (&#34;ya ya&#34; as he called it), but they were too small for his age and size. Enter these pacis. They are HUGE and he hates it. So he's actually self-weaning and just chucks these out of his crib and across the room. Pretty funny. My husband and I wanted to give our son the choice to use it himself. He still does use these very occasionally, but he's now happier without. With his older pacis, he would scream if we even tried to take it. These, he gives up voluntarily and easily. I don't know if that's by design? But anyways. At 19 months, he wasn't talking much with a paci in his mouth and now he has the freedom to speak his mind. Awesome. We got a pack of the soccer and a pack of the football when I ordered &#34;white&#34;. The particular sport didn't matter to us, but just thought I'd put in that detail for anyone concerned."
Is really cool
Super cute and soft. I did think it would be a little larger or have some weight to it. I will never understand why it says &#34;stretch&#34;.<br /><br />My daughter plays with it and chews the outer ring of the pacifier.  I thought this would help her hold on to a pacifier since her mouth is an odd shape and she has issues with most. She's just taken to fingers instead lol. No fault of the product!
Adorable pacifiers. Even come with their own individual cases
We love these. I only gave 4 stars because I've never seen them glow in the dark.
"great pattern, but getting it on the pillow was the hardest part. good tight fit."
"fantastic product. yes, you have to drill to install, so be ready for that. but, it works great and looks like it was made to fit my sliding glass door. works on both left to right and right to left sliders. i installed this in about 20 minutes. four stars instead of 5 because the directions are super confusing! it had a template you cut out and tape to the door...i just held the actual lock up to the door and used a pencil to mark the holes. much easier!"
"i will never be able to use the nosefrida (it would result in me throwing up on the baby).  this works pretty well.  my little one thinks it's hilarious until i try to put it in his nose when he has boogers. then he tries to push it away.  clean nose? no problem! stuffy and congested? get it away!!!  that said, it's been pretty effective and is fairly easy to clean."
"wish it was bigger, great product"
"bought this as a gift, they loved it."
"Works well, but like others have said, the pacifier part is quite long and will gag your baby, especially if they aren't the type to take a pacifier normally. I like that the display lights up and turns RED if the temp is too high."
"This was offered to us in the hospital when baby was 2 days old, so we ordered some more from amazon. Baby didnt like using the purple one, we later realised that it had a hole in it and baby would suck in air, so we threw one out.<br />Otherwise its a good product."
Trying to find a smooth transition from the newborn soothies. These are smaller than imagined but I suppose any are in comparison. Baby seems to like them but soothies are irreplaceable
Other then shipping problem it's great my baby loves it
Great for little babies with small mouths. My daughter choked on all other pacifiers. Has worked great!! She's 3 months old and we will continue to use!
Excellent
Great item!
Our child loves these. The Vanilla scent really has a calming effect on her.
We love these pacifiers.
"the little hood thing is very flimsy, but the actual stroller is sturdy and has held up well."
"this bassinet is adorable, i love the colors and style. i bought it because it was cheaper than some others and looked great. the only reason i have 4 stars instead if 5 is because i don't feel like the glider feature is very good. it glides but not very smoothly. nothing i can't deal with though, i hardly glide/rock it anyway. love the little baskets it comes with and the little mattress is just what a newborn needs, it's supposed to be firm!!! looking back i would have just saved a little more and bought the delta that doesn't glide. but i'm happy and do recommend it!"
very soft wrap and beautiful print. a little complicated to put on.
They were here earlier than expected and they are awesome!
The elephant was smaller than I expected but it was still super cute and worth the money
"great high chair, easy to put together though my husband had to tighten all the screws because it was too hard for me to get them tight enough. the toy is kind of useless though. my son sits in it to eat not to play. even if he is sitting in it while i prepare food in the kitchen i usually give him something to snack on while he sits. the toy is kind of big and bulky. needless to say the toy part is in the playroom and he isn't very interested in it. as a high chair alone it's great though. easy material to wipe down and clean. no hidden cracks hiding food pieces. love that is has wheels to role easily around from one spot to the next. kind of pricey though. if you're debating this one for the toy alone don't spend the extra money."
"a wonderful seat- however it doesn't fit as snug as i would like as our toilet seat is a tad bit longer than the seat. so there is a little space between the two. however, it still functions well and my fighter feels very comfortable sitting on it. i would haut measure your toilet seat if you are wanting all rim seems to fit :)"
"like that the bib has sleeves but do not like the tie on the neck.  when you tie it, it still leaves a gap around the neck where food can get on your child's neck.  i think they need to work on the design so that it fits better around the neck."
"perfect crib for newborns and infants when you want a smaller crib. the wood looks great, though it does scratch easily (i don't think this is unusual for most cribs). we used the rocking feature for a very short time, and switched to the wheels. the wheels are very handy when you want to move the crib around. agree with the other reviews that the mattress that it comes with is ridiculous (1&#34; maybe?). we bought a 5&#34; mattress also made by davinci and were very happy with it. the only difficulty is finding crib sheets that fit, as mini crib sheets to fit a 5&#34; mattress are difficult to find. i ended up finding them through searching amazon reviews on the mattress. the one that i found that worked was  the luvable friends fitted portable crib sheet."
"I have been using the same pair of tweezers (not just same brand) for 11 years & finally lost mine.  I wish it took a little more pressure to close them like my last pair, but they are fantastic, agile & accurate tweezers.  I will use Rubis until I die."
I love it! This pacifier looks super funny on mu son everybody likes it... I dont guve fibe starts because i think is pretty big for new borns.
Thanks
Parents loved it.
A bit high priced but okay
these pins work satisfactorily. so far they have not rusted.
"already some of the stitching is coming undone on the handles, but i like the price and the size for a diaper bag. it also looks nicer (the colors) than many others i've seen. the body material easily wipes clean which is very necessary."
"our grandson spends the night twice a week and he has outgrown the pack and play. we received the crib at 4 pm and had it together by 4:30 pm. my wife (official family instruction reader) and i have put together lots of furniture (office being the hardest). this was a breeze. instructions were clear, pieces where marked. it is sturdy and for the price you can't beat it. i only gave it a four since we only just got it."
"great overall stroller, especially if you have or are expecting 2 kids. however it is very heavy. we only use it when i'm (husband) is around. otherwise, wife takes the el cheapo umbrella stroller which is 11 lbs when she's going out with the baby by herself. if i had to do it again, i would probably have bought 3 cheap lightweight umbrella strollers to keep at each of the grandparents & our home, & replace them as needed. however would still have needed a full size heavy duty stroller when your kid is still an infant. this stroller works with the britax infant car seat if you get the adapter for $20. hopefully will have a 2nd child so we can use this stroller to it's full potential & get our money's worth."
i really like this bed set but the sheet it comes with is such a busy pattern it hurts my eyes. (other than the sheet it's wonderful.)
"these are really great for babies and toddlers like to feed themselves. our only issue has been that the to these are really great for babies and toddlers like to feed themselves. our only issue has been that the lid became slightly deformed when we dish wash that on the top rack. since the lid shape changed a little bit it does not hold snacks and well, and can no longer be tossed in the diaper bag when we are ready to go, for fear of spilling."
i love this perfect fit for my daughter
"i really like being able to store all of the diapering items in one smaller bag.  the quick works great for people who do disposable.  we do cloth, and i do find the bag a bit too narrow to accommodate more than 2 diapers.  wish i could fit three in here.  that said, we can fit 2 applecheeks size 2 diapers, a wet bag, a travel size of wipes and a small tube of diaper cream."
easy to use
the only thing i wish it had was a longer visor on top to give more shade. otherwise it works just fine.
"bag securely fit car seat and rope was able to tighten, completely covering car seat. i checked this item, it stayed securely closed, however, it did have a few minor scratch, holes on bag at the end of flight"
"cheaply made but provides everything you need for a newborn. if you want more better quality of what you want, be advised to purchase them seperately."
"We like it b/c its funny, but even my baby likes it.  Great pics that will definitely embarrass my kid when he's 16."
"A little smaller than I was expecting. Could maybe fit two pacifiers depending on the brand, but we usually only fit one in. It is tight to open which is good if you're clipping it on the outside of a bags but does make for opening it with one hand rather difficult (if you're holding a child)."
It's decent but I feel like sometimes the stuffed animal weighs it down and out my daughters mouth.
"My son kept losing his binky in his crib, this helps so much. Could be a bit more better quality but it works!"
These are a nice alternative to the silicone paci. Daughter still wouldn't take it but she did chew on it more than others.
I'm glad I found soothies in different colors. I wish they sold these in two packs because I didn't need four. But I suppose I will always have spares in the future if I need them!
"Love the wubbanub binkies. The puppy is adorable and it wears well. My only negative comment is that there is no way to remove the binkie from the dog if you wanted to just wash/sanitize the binkie. Otherwise, adorable take on binkies. My son loves to play with the dog and use the pacifier."
easy to assemble and light. though the mattress does not lay completely flat. they should sell crib sheets to specifically fit this bed.
"i bought 2, one for my 7 year old daughter and 1 for my 3 year old son. they chose the same color and they love the design. they are easy to hold and keep the water cool for an extended period of time in the hot sun. however, i noticed that one of the bottle does not quite close as tightly as the other, and it is difficult to close it even for my 7 year old, sometimes it is leaky. so i give it a 4 star. i hate the process of returning and exchanging, so we will keep using it since it is not a serious defect. otherwise, it is a great product."
overall i'm very happy with this purchase. the diapers are great and i was pleasantly surprisdd when i recieved them sooner than anticipated. if i had one suggestion it would be for a more customizable selection of designs.
fits all pacifiers well... we have several! Love that it doesn't just flop open... but the downside is that sometimes that means it takes some muscle and wiggle to open it (Not so good when the baby is having a meltdown in a public place).
beautiful
"excellent pacifiers- when my son rejected his newborn green pacifiers after 6 months we went straight to these and havent looked back. after awhile they crack and moisture gets inside and i throw them away, but for now they are great!"
I really liked the idea of this pacifier.Especially no plastic for in the crib.. And after reading reviews on how big the nipple was I ordered the smaller size.. So I waisted my money the nipple is super SMALL and my daughter can't keep it in her mouth..I'm going to try the bigger size and hopefully that works out.
love them
we just purchased this for our little boy and it seems to be working well. it fits good other than he wants to try and untie it. hopefully it lasts long enough to he can get where he can sit up and don't fall over.
"this is a great, easy to clean sippy cup made from safe materials. i like that it is dishwasher safe. it does need a sleeve, though. my two year old son dropped it on his toe when it was full, and now the toenail is black and blue and he'll probably lose it. i think this can be easily solved by putting a softer sleeve on the bottle. the silicone sleeves that pura kiki makes are pretty expensive, and i saw some reviews stating that they leave a gap at the bottom where food particles and moisture can get stuck, which is at least gross, and at worst, can make the bottle rust. apparently they are not made to be taken on and off on a daily basis. we purchased michelob ultra koozies (taller slimmer beer can). they fit great and are less than half the price of the silicone sleeves. they also come on and off with each use which i feel is more sanitary. you can find ones on amazon that do not have beer logos or references on them."
it's really cute and functional! i love it.
"This pacifiers are little harder than the newborn pacifiers. My boys did not take to them at first, but I guess they are made of harder rubber because of the possibility of Teething. Just know that these are a little more harder than the Newborn or 0-3 months size. We have used them for a month now and they are still just as hard as they came out of the package even though we have sterilize them every single night. Otherwise, good brand."
"we were very impressed with this unit. However, after just two and a half months it stopped working properly (despite keeping it clean and using distilled water). Thankfully, we could send it back for a free replacement since it was within 90 days of purchase, and we did. Now we have the same unit, and hope it will work for at least 6 months (we do use it daily). Because it breaks so quickly I will give it only 4 stars. If it were more reliable, it would be worth 5 stars."
This was a gift for a new mother.  She said it works great.
These are nice and affordable.
Sooo cute
"nice quality things, I haven't used them - this is a gift, so I can't speak of the actual usefulness."
My daughter will only use MAM pacifiers. I prefer buying them on amazon because of the variety of designs available.
"She seems to pull this one out more than her other ones , I think because of how long it is. I'm not really sure , great product . She's just used to her pinky bear鈽猴笍"
Nice
"ok.  i initially gave a 1 star review.  i did not like the pillowcase.  the seller sent me a new upgraded pillowcase free of charge.  he also informed me that they are planning to upgrade the pillowcase.  basically this pillow is filled with that loose cotton ball like foam.  when it starts to go flat as they all do eventually, i will open a corner and replace the filling."
great buy for day care.
very  nice as described.
works great!
"it's good, and our baby loves jumping in it, but it makes a lot of noise.  this jumper is constructed with a compression spring housed in a plastic tube.  the compression spring is unstable, and it bends and rubs against the sides of the plastic tube, vibrating and making quite a bit of noise.  4 stars because our baby seems to enjoy the noise and think it's part of the activity.<br /><br />if you're looking for a quiet jumper, look elsewhere."
"this is a great play yard. it can be used inside or outside. my biggest struggles have been with opening and closing it. it is more difficult if you're not using both hands. other than that the bulkiness is an issue. merely because we have a small living room. other than that, i love the convertible 4 or 6 walls. it is great for hanging toys and multicolored."
"the quality of the walker is incredibly good.  like another posted, a car walker was sent out (as is pictured, but not as is described).  i'm guessing there is no guaranteed way to get the dj walker as the documentation that comes with the walker lists both the car and the dj as options for this model.  my 9-month-old loves it, and the sounds can be turned low enough to where they don't annoy me when they're played for an hour straight by the little tyke.  if you don't care the theme of the walker, this is as good as any of the other chicco walker options.  if you are wanting for sure a specific setup, i would highly recommend you not risk this one."
"bed came on time.  fair price. wood a bit cheap. pain to put together alone, the pieces i in the middle kept falling out of place until the entire bed was assembled and screws tightened. pretty sturdy. supports my son's weight just fine, he's about 35 lbs. i would recommend to a friend looking for a reasonably priced toddler bed."
cute idea and works well.  just wish the tether had been longer.
"for the price, i think this is great. my son is very happy with it. britax seats are definitely more padded, but they're also 3 times the price so i don't know if it's just to compare that. i much prefer the armrests on thee graco highback turbobooster that we got for his sister though; they arc down and make using the seatbelt with the armrests much easier. i wish i would have gotten that model instead of this one, but had i not had them side by side to compare then i would be quite happy with this seat."
"i took this on a two week vacation abroad where there was tons of walking and getting around via mass transit.  my goal was to purchase a very lightweight umbrella stroller that handled well and was reasonably priced.<br /><br />pros:<br />this held up well when handled through baggage.  it's also pretty lightweight as i (5'2&#34; 115#) was able to carry it with one hand while carrying my toddler and a diaper backpack.  it maneuvers well for a lightweight umbrella stroller and folds up compactly.  the shade is by far the best i've seen amongst umbrella strollers.  the shade pulls all the way down to shield his face where he can't see what's in front of him.  this is helpful when he's napping.<br /><br />cons:<br />the storage underneath is practically nonexistent.  you can probably store hand wipes or a light jacket but that's about it.  the lock is disappointing.  it's not permanently attached to the stroller and there have been a few instances where it flew off when unfolding the stroller.  i'm going to try to see if i can secure the stroller together in the folded position by wrapping velcro around the metal bars where the original lock would be.  it also doesn't recline though my child still napped in the stroller just fine.<br /><br />overall, this was a great umbrella stroller to travel with and has taken a bit of abuse from bumpy sidewalks to being manhandled by baggage carriers.  i will probably turn to this for short errands."
all in all an excellent product. it runs large so be aware of that. comfortable fabric and my toddler loves  eine able to walk around in it. the only thing it needs is a cover of some sort for the zipper. something to make it harder for babies to undo the zipper.
"simple enough, does what i need it to do. minus one star cause it isnt wide enough to fit the 8oz dr brown bottles in with nipple & cap. have to keep them stored seperatly in the basket till ready to use."
works just great.
the best car seat to my daugther馃憤馃憤
great bag for one kid! awesome pockets. feels a little narrow.. would love if was wider.
absolutely love it
Paci bag is wonderful! I use it to hold a clean back up paci in the diaper bag or my purse.<br />The large bag isn't quite as bit as I had hoped but it still holds about 5 cloth diapers.<br />I actually ordered two sets of these. One for diapers and a second to keep for wet/dirty clothes.<br />Recommend these for sure.
Great pacifier for a baby. I'm a first time mom so I mostly get the essentials from a trusted brand like Dr. Browns. My baby though never learned to use the pacifier. I am not sure if this is because we breastfeed.
very good
"Great on the go, in the stroller, in the car, it keeps the pacifier in and my baby holds and cuddles with it.  Does not work much when the baby is falling asleep and turns her head to the side, the pacifier won't stay in."
"Love wubbanubs, just think they are a bit overpriced for what they are."
Vanilla scent is great
"Liked that they were toted as healthier but unfortunately baby did not like them. Maybe the butterfly style would have been better however, at their cost I haven't tried them yet."
"This is the best pacifier fir breastfed baby, just wish it would fit baby's face more comfortably."
"cute for kids. When my son outgrew his binky, I cut the binky off and he kept the dog as a toy"
"Unfortunately锛孖t seems very nice,but,my baby don鈥榯 like"
"Not sure of the best way to clean/sanitize these, but very cute item!"
Our baby loves this type of pacifier! Easy to hold onto and love the texture.
"These are so much softer than what I was expecting. My little guy really likes them. I was very pleased to see that the Soothie is a 0-6 month size. I was afraid it was going to be the longer size and cause gagging. The dragon is bigger (longer) than the lion we also got. Be aware, it came packaged in a plastic bag, not the stiff plastic cylinder like you see in the stores."
The product is good. The only thing I didn't like is that you can't choose the color you want
"very comfortable and so easy to install. one thing i find a bit troublesome is separating the seat from the back. we currently have it installed with the back in our car. however, when my daughter carpools with someone else i usually just give her the seat alone so it's easy for her to put it in the someone's car so she can stay safe. separating the seat from the back takes a bit of time and then putting it back on again is time consuming. i also feel like the constant removal may wear out the locking system between the seat and the back. i would recommend sticking with one way of using it.<br />i would still recommend it. so far i have not been disappointed with any pegperego product. i'm hoping this booster will live up to expectations."
nice and thin (so that the harness can be safely fastened) but it twists around the strap so that it has to be fixed every time to be facing the right way (not stiff enough). but it's soft and thin like i wanted.
Love this type of pacifier. This one is a little floppy though. My daughter uses it but the bear is better.
i ordered for my grandson's birthday and it looks very nice in his remodeled bedroom.  it hasn't been washed yet so unsure of how it will hold up.
"this has been super useful. our son was constantly getting his limbs stuck in the crib rails and would get very upset. now we have the peace of mind that he'll stay contained within the crib, yet isn't in danger of suffocating from the liner. it was a little difficult for me to figure out how to align properly, but it's stayed in place very well, even with daily tugging and kicking at bedtime :)"
ok
please read the fine print carefully!!! this is the mocha!!!  i did not read the fine print and just went by the picture. this is the mocha version of the swing. it is different than the picture shown. i was frustrated to find that i had been sent a different color than what i wanted. it is my own fault for not reading the fine print. i would not like this to happen to any of you. that is the main reason i write this review. i ended up keeping the swing because the colors are pretty too. the swing is great!! my baby girl loves her swing!!! she sleeps very comfortably and i love the safety straps.
looks nice but collects dirt. hard to clean. but a major step up over the primary colored alphabet pad!
good product
love our car seat! it's not &#34;cheap&#34; feeling like some one the reviews said. my son has plenty of room and is very comfortable in it. i recommend it!
good
"it is nice and soft pillow, but i don't know how i can fix this pillow."
my baby immediately found the little crinkle tags and laughed and laughed. i really liked all the different textures and colors. the little green rubber part picks up lint and hair like crazy so i'm always rinsing it but i think my baby liked it even more when it was a bit damp.
"I like them, but my 5 month old doesn't care for the texture. It's not matte like she's used to."
installs pretty easy and my guy seems reasonably comfortable (5 years).  we had a marathon and choose the pioneer over the frontier due to limited space (subaru outback) and it fits well.
love this!  my grandson thinks its great!  easy to get in and out of car! plan to buy another one soon!
"you shouldn't use this in a car seat; only use items approved by the car seat manufacturer to be sure they have been tested for crashes.<br /><br />i bought this for my stroller to prevent my newborn's head from bouncing around and to give her a bit of a nest. the stroller bed looked so vast around her tiny body! works great, soft, easy to install and remove. it helps keep baby warm too."
"so far very pleased. baby isn't here yet. the assembly was fairly simple. the hardware was all clearly marked which helped a ton! there were no imperfections in the wood/paint job that i could tell. feels sturdy. product as described.<br />i'm not looking forward to lowering the mattress in the future though. not going to be a very simple process. of course, i've never owned any other crib before so i don't know how it compares to others.<br />overall very pleased and the price was good, too!"
"my toddler loves this pillow and has been sleeping better at night and for her nap since we got it! there are two minor issues though-  the pillowcase is 50% polyester and makes her sweaty, and the open style of the case makes it very easy for her to take off. so not perfect, but pretty good for the price."
love these bright colors! the headband was a nice fit when my daughter was a newborn.
"love that this set fits a todder bed.  adds brightness to a darker room.  when washed the comforter and sheets come out really wrinkly, but that doesn't really bother me.  really like the fitted top sheet because it stays in place really well."
sheets fit great on our pac-n-play.
good crib
Love this. My 4 month old loves to chew on the stuffed animal.
"Initially my baby did not like this, and I didn't either.  I gave it to her when she was either 3 months or 4 months, I can't remember which, and she would drop it every few seconds.  She couldn't seem to keep it in her mouth.  Then she'd cry.  So every few seconds I'd have to turn around and give it back to her.  Consequently, I packed it away for awhile.  She normally uses a different pacifier brand, so I wonder if the style of pacifier just took some getting used to.<br />I tried it again around 5 months, and now she's doing well with it and likes it.  She can hold onto it now, and can keep it in her mouth.  She seems to really like playing with it.  So, if you buy this and your baby doesn't like it, I recommend trying it again in a month or two.  I think mine was just too young initially or something."
So cute!! Loved it!!
"I like it and thought it would be nice to keep my granddaughter's pacifiers clean, but my daughter-in-law doesn't use it.  I would be worried attaching it to a diaper bag because it seems like it could get knocked off too easily."
"my kids love it and it encourages to wash hands. i used it with a baby body wash and works great. then i used it with hand soap and it takes a few tries before  something  comes out, maybe  its too thick. its bigger a than i thought  so i loved it even more."
"they do change color (turn white)...but it seems like it takes a temperature that would be extremely too hot for a baby...they should be a bit more sensitive.  these are probably my least favorite spoons...but they get the job done so i will keep them, happily :)"
so far so good... the only complaint i would have is the night image is bright in the center of image but not at the edges.  it makes it hard to decipher what is in the image near the edges.  my previous lorex camera had better night vision or at least the image was more uniform at night.
"seems to be a good pillow. haven't had it for very long yet therefore haven't had to wash it yet to see how it holds up. it's not as soft as it claims to be, the fabric is a little papery feeling."
simple to install and provide a cover for three prong outlets in the house.  the installation of about 6 of them took less than 15 minutes and appear to operate easily.  we can easily slide the prongs open with a plug to access the outlet.  we haven't yet seen how our child interacts with them but initially they look very promising.  i would recommend this for anyone that is not up to replacing the actual outlet with a tamper resistant outlet.
great for bath time
"very soft, good quality. very difficult to get on - a zipper or something would be a great options for these."
"no incidents to truly test it out yet, but its an excellent crumb catcher. only issue is it moves around easily and you have to put it back in its place often"
It is so nice to have easy access to a paci when you needs one.
Nice but we did not made use of it as much as I hoped.My baby was not that in to it.
"actually is a really good product i am satisfied with the color, size, the fabric but i was waiting to see at the back side the diaper changing but it was no there, so for me is the only one that is missing"
the cream is excellent. but for the amount brings it too expensive.
love it!
all ok
good
good
"These are great, very easy to find in the middle of the the nigh! I would have given a five star but you cannot remove the animal from the  pacifier to wash them."
The product is good! but my son doesn't like it very much...
"Turns out my son does not prefer the rounded tips, instead likes the more flat bulb pacis. My toddler loves though (yes she still has a pacifier) I tried out myself though and it is very comfortable feel, imitates a real breast and nipple. It is also very soft and doesn't feel plastic."
This toy is really cute and I wanted my baby to love it but she just looks at it like &#34;what is this thing?&#34; and doesn't pull on the strings at all (and she loves her pacifiers). I think the idea is great and maybe she'll take more interest in it when she's a little older but for now I think I'm enjoying it more than she is.
"These are the only pacifiers my son will take and he loves them. I wish that they had a ring so attaching a pacifier holder was easier. You can get a clip on the little tab that sticks out, but most store bought paci holders don't have clips on both ends."
great price here on amazon compared to the store. easy to wash. my daughter used it but not a lot. not sure if it was just her or if something about this pacifiers shape that she didnt like.
this is a great product that i am surprised hasn't existed for more time. it is great that you don't have to put holes in the cabinets.  i have old counters that didn't seem to work with this product but the customer service was quick to help and provide suggestions.
"ok, this doesn't fit me very well (though i can make it work) but it fits my husband pretty well.  it also isn't the most comfortable to wear.  however, if you adjust it properly... not the fastest thing to do, it can be reasonably comfortable.  i love that it has a backpack, we put a first aid kit, and a few day hike emergency essentials in it, and use it all the time.  if my 3 year old gets tired, she can ride for a bit easily."
"great for the plane trip, comfortable for our four year old, we felt very safe and he felt like a &#34;big boy&#34; sitting in the plane set between mommy and daddy. only downfall, all airlines are not enforcing the purchase of this harness, so i faa shouldn't require it if they are not going to enforce it on everyone, make this mandatory!!!"
it was nice just the fabric was not what i expect
Nice
this is the 4th sippy cup i got for my 11-month old and it finally worked. it didn't take long for him to figure out how to use. easy to use and his little hands can grab the handles very well. my only concern is whether or not it is as easy to clean once i serve non-water drinks to him though.
it's small but cute...
the granddaughter loved it
None available.
"i love these stickers, they are super cute.  the only thing is that the number isn't too well visible in photos because it's so thin.  otherwise, super cute and dainty."
My Sister is having a baby soon (June 2015) and this is something VERY smart and I KNOW she will find it to come in handy.
"Son liked it pretty well, looks funny too! Prob not the &#34;best&#34; orthodontic one you can get but I mean you get this one for the &#34;cool and fun&#34; factor right..."
So cute!!
I bought this to keep all my sons pacifiers together in my diaper bag and purse. It serves that purpose exactly and fits about 3 pacifiers.
good tank
"I love the Wubbanub! I would give it five stars, except that they are not kidding when they recommend replacing them every six months. We purchased the newest one on November 30th and, just yesterday, my 14-month-old bit the end right off! Thankfully, I caught the piece out of her mouth before it became a choking hazard! She adores them, though -- won't sleep without one!<br /><br />I always said I was going to hold off on introducing the pacifier, but the hospital nurse gave her a Soothie pacifier when she was first born and it soothed her so much right away. I was glad to see that Soothie pacifiers are the ones Wubbanubs come with because it's the only type of pacifier she prefers. During those first few months, the Wubbanub definitely saved us from a lot of screaming!<br /><br />What's not to love? They're cute. You can find the pacifier when your baby hides it in the blankets or whips it on the floor. Half the time when it falls, the pacifier itself never even touches the ground. They clean up easy with a bit of dish soap or in the laundry machine.<br /><br />I buy them for all my girlfriends' baby showers."
I thought this was so cute. It makes my laugh.
"Perfect for my newborn. I tried several other brands for 0-3 month olds but they gagged him because they were too long. Reduced by one star because I was sent girl colors (green and purple) instead of boy. I figured it wasn't worth the hassle, we just use the purple &#34;girly&#34; one at home."
Good
"My baby started out only taking Mam pacifiers and I noticed that every time he had it, his latch on my breast would be affected. It took about two months, but eventually he started taking these and I really notice the difference! It does not affect his latch at all! The only downside is that he seems to have a hard time keeping it in his mouth. It falls out often."
Product Looks great but I have not tried it personally. Only complaint is I double  ordered so I received 12 instead of 6.
Nice
i've bought of  three or four graco boosters over the years and find the seat to be quite hard. i have to add extra foam padding under the seat cover and then we're good to go but it'd be wonderful if they had a little more comfort right out of the box. love the color (my 5 y/o picked it out b/c it reminded him of the aquarium)
would like it better if i could bent it
"these kick mats work well.  they attach in two places, keeping them in place, and they have a wire piped along the perimeter that keeps the overall shape so it doesn't get floppy and uncover what it's supposed to be protecting.  as another reviewer said, the only complaint i have is that the swishy sound the nylon makes against my sons shoes encourages him to touch it with his feet, but it's still better than muddy foot prints on the upholstery."
"plenty of room for diapers and the velcro is holding up great. the wipes lean over a little which is kind of awkward, but it's holding up well."
"i like this a lot and recently bought a second one. i like all the drawers and the hamper is very conveniant. only thing, after about 6 months of use the cloth-ish drawers are starting to sag a bit."
Everything ok! As expected!
the mattress that we purchased was a very nice mattress.  it works very well with the pack and play we purchased at a garage sale.
"my daughter is potty trained during the day but not yet at night.  after issues with traditional pull-up diapers burning her skin (due to chemicals), we decided to try out cloth.  i am certainly very happy with the decision to change as her skin cleared up!  i like the fact that she can undo the velcro on her own if she needs to go to the bathroom at night.  we tried the snaps too but she complained they hurt her skin and were too difficult for her to get on and off.  the biggest downside that i was not expecting is the odor.  my daughter only goes #1 in them but even after we wash them they still smell as if they had just been used.  maybe that's common for cloth diapers?? if the smell went away after washing, i would have given these 5 stars instead of 4.  overall, i like this product."
"the scarf wasn't quite what i was expecting, but it's still perfectly fine. a better description for it would be a shall that can be worn as a scarf. it's long in the back and front (i am 5'6&#34; and while standing it comes down to my waist) and is pretty open on the sides but while sitting you can cover up perfectly fine. i plan to put a button on each side to be completely covered for my own comfort. the material is very light weight. warning: the material is slightly see through. in the pictures it seems as though it is bold, but it's more like a danskin shirt type of style."
"my 18 month daughter loves this pillow. she hadn't been using a pillow until she moved up to the toddler room at daycare. she uses a sleeping mat at daycare but we have this pillow at home. she asks for it when we're relaxing in the living room. we've yet to use it in her crib, but i'm sure she'll love it when we do start."
looks good
"i like this carrier, but it can be a pain putting it on and taking it off because the straps are super long."
comes with a case to keep it clean and is easy for the little ones to hold
"But it's clear! Easy to lose when baby spits it out. Otherwise, great product."
Loved it with the exemption that you can take off the pacifier to clean it. Other then that my baby loved it. Oh and its not heavy where it pulls the pacifier out of the baby's mouth.
I bought it as a baby shower present and they loved it
"One of a kind pacifier. It helps the pacifier stay on baby's mouth for the first 6 months if the parents choose to co-sleep with their babies. Also, the animal character helps baby to find the pacifier easily when baby wakes up (6 months and older). Can be washed in the washer. My kid loves it."
"to each their own.. my first one liked these a lot, the second one has been spitting it out from the day she was born. I would like a hole in the paci handle for a strap."
Cool
"These are great for the middle of the night when it's completely dark and your baby decides, 'Hey, wouldn't it be funny if I just tossed this thing out of my mouth and have my mommy search for it in a panic because it's the only thing that keeps me from crying.'  Glow-in-the-dark.....awesome."
"I loved it and looks so cute however my son didnt like it. He rolled it around in his mouth instrad of sucking on it, gaged and spit it out. I did get the round and maybe should have gotton the orthodontic type since thats was he gravitates to. Unfortunily, its so expensive im not willing to buy another to see. But it is super cute."
Perfect for a gift
Both of my boys have loved these pacifiers. They are the only ones that I have ben able to get them to take. I love that they are translucent and some have a little bit of color.
"Love it, just wish the animal and pacifier weren't attached."
"pretty easy to install.  it takes a bit of trial and error to get the inside part of the lock in the right place.  the adhesive is really strong so be sure that you don't press it down onto the cabinet until you have it in the right place -- otherwise it's really hard to get off!<br /><br />my only complaint is that they way they are set up means that even when they are locked, you will be able to open the cabinet slightly (like half an inch).  it'll work fine for kidproofing (or my purpose -- earthquake-proofing my cabinets since i live in california), but it would have been nice if it locked the cabinet without you being able to even open them a tiny bit."
My baby liked these when he was under 3 mths. Worth the money for that time frame. These become a chocking hazard as the child grows so please refrain from use after 3 mths
"These were nice to have the first couple weeks with both of our boys. The soother always helped when they had gas and didn't need to nurse, or when in their car seat to comfort them. I only really got use out of it the first month or two so I only really needed the one pack both times. These soothers are inexpensive so worth having just in case!"
Works great.  You have to squeeze the sides in order do open.
"Everyone gets a kick out of this, including my baby, although her focus is more taking it out and chewing the mustache. My only problem is that, even at six months, she's still not too fond of having it as a pacifier. She doesn't like how the actual pacifier part is shaped since it's so long, even though she's a big girl. Maybe it's just her though. Either way, I'd totally buy these again."
Got this set to store my pump parts between sessions at work. I use the larger bag and the drawstring and flexibility makes this easy to &#34;mold&#34;  thus saving room in my pump bag. It's also washable and has kept up very well after daily use.
"i have owned this seat for about 9 months now and decided to write a review because our nanny just totaled her car with our 18 month old daughter in this seat.  let me just say that our daughter came away from the accident without a scratch apart from some minor bruises from the straps around her legs and i truly believe this seat has everything to do with that!  first of all, my daughter is big/tall for her age (28 lbs, 34 in) and this was one of the few seats that can be rear-facing up to 40 lbs.  this, i have come to find is the absolute safest way to have your child in an accident and i'm so glad in retrospect she was not forward facing in this crash.  we also had this seat placed in the middle of the back seat, again safest place in the car if the worst should happen.  we have found it easy/quick to get her in/out if this seat despite it being in the middle.  second, the side head supports were also a key factor in her safety from this crash as it protected her from the side airbags that deployed as well as prevented her head from josteling around too much.<br /><br />we bought this seat on the recommendation of a friend who spent hours researching car seats.  i was a bit put off by the price at first, but upon doing my own review of competing seats this one did seem a cut above the rest mainly because it could stay rear facing up to 40 lbs.<br /><br />first of all this seat was very easy to install and easily transferred from car to car, and has a sturdy design.  the fabric is durable and is easily cleaned.  my daughter is comfortable in this seat even on long trips.  my only complaint is that she does sweat a lot in it while in long trips so i dress her accordingly.<br /><br />overall i think this seat is worth the money, and i'm buying another one now for baby #2 on the way."
"cute, but the hat had no ribbons and it was nylon.  sunglasses are very nice."
these wipes are a little silly-but they taste good and they do in fact cleanse the mouth.
"we like it so much we bought two. surelatch technology is worth the extra $$  we originally purchased the lx edition. very difficult to get a secure fit in the car. this car seat installs quickly and easily- a huge benefit to this mom who frequently takes the car seat in and out for work. peace of mind that it is installed securely.<br /><br />material is durable. not as bad as many make it seem to take the cover off to wash. my daughter got sick in hers in the first week and it washed nicely.<br /><br /> she is very comfortable in the rear facing position. sleeps easily though her head does fall forward sometimes. everyone else in the car has space too. we have a new jeep cherokee (not the biggest suv) but my husband and i have ample leg room on the driver and passenger side alike. we can recline the passenger seat back for longer car rides.<br /><br />most importantly, exceeds safety standards and made in the usa designed in our home state, ohio."
i bought this for my youngest grandson's christening. it is very nice! some of the reviews indicate that the nice silver finish does not hold up. i am optimistic at this point!
"this seat seems fine, although my daughter is still in the early stages of potty training. it does not fit on a contoured, elongated toilet seat (circa 1999), but it does fit on a non-contoured toilet seat (circa 2014). the &#34;locking&#34; mechanism doesn't really lock, but the seat stays in place well with for an active 32-pound child. the plastic is a hard plastic; my daughter doesn't seem to mind, but her legs do get red if she sits for several minutes. the handles on the side do seem to add some stability for her. i can't comment on the splash guard or cleaning since our seat has been used only for sitting thus far."
"My newborn likes these best out of the ones we've tried. This shape of nipple is best for breastfeeding babies since they are rounded on both sides rather than the type that are angled on one side, which the lactation consultant told me never to use because they will make baby used to using certain muscles in his mouth and will create an improper latch habit while nursing. The only thing that kept me from rating it 5 stars is that the nipples are a little long for small babies and mine sometimes gags on it."
"My son is 18 weeks old and has never really liked sucking on a pacifier but is constantly looking for something to chew on.  I gave him an Avent Soothie pacifier in the 3+ month size, and he enjoys chewing on it but doesn't suck on it.<br />I purchased a WubbaNub for him to use and he does really enjoy playing with it.  Again, he doesn't really suck on it like you imagine a baby using a pacifier but he chews on the base of the pacifier and also the stuffed animal legs.  BUT- the pacifier attached to the stuffed animal is much softer than the regular Avent Soothie.  He seems to enjoy chewing on the plain soothie better, but the animal parts keep him occupied for a while.<br />If WubbaNub gave an option for a more firm pacifier I would definitely buy that one."
"my daughter absolutely loves these and won't take any other type of pacifier, it needs to be the hello kitty one"
"I really like it, however my daughters mouth is very shallow so the nipple is too long and makes her gag. When she is a bit bigger she will probably take to it more."
my 6 month old has been teething for the last 2 months. he's never taken a pacifier or bottle and doesn't play with any of different teething rings he has available. he does however chew on his fingers and will chew on my knuckles. this cactus thing though is awesome. he loves it. there's several different options he can chew from. it hasn't replaces his fingers but my knuckles get a break. the price was worth it but i know each kid likes different things. i'm just glad i found something he likes for his teething. only downside is that hairs stick to it because it's silicone.
"it works, but my infant hates it.  maybe she'll appreciate it when she's a bit older."
"Good product, my baby love his little dog<br />For me, that like to sterilize everything in hot water is kind of difficult because the dog comes attached to the pacifier"
I was hoping my newborn would like these. They are a little too big for a 2 week old but definitely saving to try at a later time. I sanitized the best I could without getting them too hot (boiling is not a good idea from what I read from previous buyers). She didn't seem to like the taste but then again she is 2 weeks old and only likes food in her mouth:). Try are exactly what I ordered so I gave 4 stars. Just a little too big for newborns... It covers her nose:/
"Great and durable, design on button will wear off after some time but rest of the product is quality. Have bought multiple versions and would recommend."
They are nice.  My baby won't take them but I like them all the same.
"i have a floppy seat cover and needed to get another cover for my mom to use while she is with my son.  i love both cart covers,  and the plus with this one is that it has tags for him to tinker with. however,  it's unfortunately alot more cumbersome to put on the cart verses the floppy seat, and it does not stay on as well or fit as snugly as the floppy seat. 15 seconds with the floppy seat verses a minute with adjusting this one makes it a little more agitating to deal with, but the material looks and feels a little softer in comparison to the floppy seat. i do love the harness feature though,  and the thinner material will be alot more comfortable for my son when it starts to get alot warmer. the floppy seat is quite a bit fluffier in comparison, which could cause him to get too stuffy in the hotter months. i wish it also came with a carrying bag like the floppy seats' do, but these are minor problems and i'm still enjoying the cover so far."
"this splatter sheild is fantastic for containing the mess and overspray while still allowing for the use of the sprayer at full power. i didn't find the squeeze option to ring out enough water, however, and usually have to ring out the inserts by hand afterwards."
easy to put together. difficult but not impossible to install with one person. could stand to be a but more sturdy
one bottle is only half full after 1 year.
"I loved this fan and it looks really good in the kids room but I wish the light on it was a bit more elaborate, like a three blub fixture or four.  It does light the room well though as it is not very big."
Started using these when my newborn got fussy at nights. Helped her relax very good. She likes the shape of these the best over a couple others that we've tried to use. I like that you can stick them in her mouth right side up or upside down and it doesn't matter. Also the glow in the dark feature is great. In the rare occasion she is in her bassinet at night I can look over and see the pacifier moving in her mouth or laying next the her easily. I've bought them for other mothers.
"My baby won't take any brand of pacifier. That being said, he loves to get put the toy in his mouth my only reason for not giving 5 stars is the kitten is tiny (think beanie baby in a happy meal size). In their defense it did say kitten, not cat. Touch茅. If buy another one, I'm buying a giraffe."
I was very pleased with my purchase and my little one loved it immediately! The arrival took longer than it was expected but only by a few days.<br />Happy purchasing
good
"great bottles! my breastfed daughter would not take a bottle after trying many different types. finally saw mam nipples, was intrigued so tried it and wala! she loves it! she does not like pacifiers so i docked a star because i would prefer a bundle without a pacifier included."
works great
i love this couch! it was the only cute toddler couch i could find that didn't have tacky cartoon characters on it. the quality is great as well. my only complaints are that the microfiber stains easily and is pretty pricey.
the entire bed came in one small box which was surprising. all of the pieces were there and the directions were easy to follow.  the most difficult part was trying to keep the slats in place while i secured the other side of the bed. other than that the bed is wonderful and my 2 year old daughter loves it.
"these are our favorite fit so far, but they do fill up with water in the sterilizer and i don't like that"
sticks well and has good coloring but i dislike how you can see the below sticker when another on is placed over it for example you can see the tree branch slightly through the monkeys head but would still suggest other get this my son loves it
Nice
"Good product...I bought the ones that stated 0-6 months. Warning, it's just 0-3 months."
easy set-up and reasonably priced.
niece loved this
"good cups. easy to assemble and clean. a little liquid will come out when you turn the cup upside down , but this is the best leak proof cups so far we have tried .   one drawback - we won't be able to buy replacement straws ."
"good, my son loves it, i cant give 5 stars because of the shower stuff, it just holds a little water, you have to refill it a lot"
"we use cloth diapering, and this is great for the price. we wanted something affordable and good quality. this is small, so we have to do laundry every two days (which we do already). the slot for diapers isn't as small as others are complaining about. we have a daughter that is 20 pounds and her diapers fit through it with no problem (even aios).<br /><br />nice pail for the price. only downside is the smaller size."
good product. the only problem is my baby outgrew it in a flash. it wasn't very easy to take him out also.
looks nice and i worry free!
great soft and no slip. i took one start out because the indent on the side for kids to hold is too shallow. kids need something to grad to feel secure. just my 2 cents.
super cute!
Very Good
"Good paci, my son used it without any complaints."
Look cool!
works good. pain to put on.
"has three great different settings for music, numbers, and animals, which is neat. one downside is that the keyboard itself is fabric and hard for my son to press the keys down."
wish it was a little longer.  other than that it's a great cover
great except comes in a bag rather than the original packaging.
i like simple and this is simple! it's a great mirror. only problem is it does tend to slip a bit...i need to adjust it often.
cute game to play but wish the pacifier were on better paper so it doesnt rip when try to take tape off on the back
"My sons favorite pacifier - but not my first choice.<br />Both of my kids have decided that these pacifiers were their favorite. However, the issue that I have with them is that it isn't all one piece. What ends up happening is dirt, soap, water, etc. is able to get into the pacifier. I'm usually able to clean them out for a while but eventually, they end up needing replaced.<br />I wish that my kiddos would have picked a pacifier that was all one piece of plastic so that I could clean them easier - oh well!"
"The item is NOT from Hawaii Medical but from JollyPop and it's NOT what is pictured.<br />Luckily, it's the same exact thing except the color is off... clear with pink around the rim.<br />It is BPA, Phtalate, and latex free and it's made in the US. The material is medical grade silicone. It's very soft and just like the one she got from the hospital. It almost feel like it's slightly better?<br />It actually turned out to be my then 4 week old's favorite! She's now 10 weeks and has been using it everyday...literally!<br />I'm going to order more and I would definitely recommend to others!!<br />I only gave 4 stars because it's not what's pictured."
perfect
"Shipping was very fast! The kitty is very soft and not too heavy. This was suggested to me by my doctor because my little baby girl kept spotting her Nuk out. It is a great concept but, she does not like this particular type of pacifier. I thought she would grow into it....but she is 3 months now and still doesn't like it. I wish you could change out the pacifiers. The pacifier is stitched into the animal. If your baby likes this type of pacifier it is a must have!!"
"We have used a lot of these for our son, now 18 months, and they are great. The only pacifier he will use."
They are just a little hard to find at night but other than that great product!
"our little boy loves staring at the hedgehog, and is slowly rocked to sleep. quietly rocks baby which is something we were looking for. the sounds are good, but wish there was more volume control. the only thing that keeps this from a five star is that the music isn't great. but we don't really use that feature anyway."
"this product is pretty cool, but it takes a while and some extra effort to dry it after use."
"Huge hit.<br /><br />Cons:<br />I had to have some one cut out the pacifiers and roll up tape before we could play, but I really shouldn't expect more than a print out piece of paper for the price.<br /><br />There is no mouth. The picture shows a circle where the mouth should be but the poster didn't have that. Many quests were aiming for the nose because there was no mouth image."
"My daghter and I both love the wubbanub. Its great because its easy to find and the little stuffed animal keeps the pacifier in her mouth. After her first wubbanub she disliked all other pacifiers. It would be better if they made the stuffed animal where you change the pacifier. Also one that I purchased had ripped very easily at the leg, but it was a simple fix with needle and thread and its still going strong today."
"the nipples on these bottle collapse very easily and the caps don't stay on but i love the actually bottles. i use them to mix formula, and they are tall and skinny so my 3 month old can actually hold them when she tries."
our 6 month old son liked it but didn't really play with it that much. very high quality though and we designed.
"it was very hard to drink from at first, even for an adult. i had to chew on the hard valve in the straw to loosen it up, but once i did that, my 8-month-old was able to drink from it like a champ. the flow is faster than she's used to from the bottle or sippy cup spout, but she's getting the hang of it. this was a great alternative to a traditional sippy cup for us because she wants to drink from the cup, but hasn't figured out how to tilt her head back far enough, so we were always being called to come hold and tip it back for her. now she can drink her water or juice when she wants to on her own."
easy to assemble and disassemble. functional and not over-the-top.
"My baby won't take any other pacifier! The round bulb end make its easy to suck. The only problem I have with these is that sometimes when I hand wash them, water gets trapped inside the round dome on the front of the pacifier and then slowly leaks out, which confuses and disturbs my baby. I now just make sure to wash them with the nipple facing down so that water cannot get inside this compartment. Otherwise, we are VERY happy with these pacifiers!<br /><br />I do have to say that the &#34;glow in the dark&#34; features of these is EXTREMELY faint. I certainly would not buy these JUST for that feature, because at night, you definitely CAN NOT see them in the crib."
My 2 month baby love it.
"It seemed like a great idea, and I really like it, but my little one does not care for it very much."
"the listing for this product doesn't make mention of this, so i just wanted to point out that the breast shields that come with this kit are actually fused with the valves (the lids that screw onto the bottles). in other words, you can't rotate them out with a different shield.  regardless of this design difference, this set of replacement parts for hygeia machines are much more reasonably priced than the replacement set that comes directly from hygeia, and i'm happy to report that maymom has excellent customer service."
the suction cups hold the bowls down very well but i can say my granddaughter has pulled it up a time or two.  they wash well in the dishwasher on the top rack.  the lid is a nice feature on one of them.
it doesn't fit perfectly but at least works well in protecting our baby's eyes from his baby bath. it's fairly cheap so i still find it as a good product.
"they do the job, but i sure wish they would treat them with something to retard the yellow-orange mold that grows.  i sense that the mold helps sell new filters -- as well as a separate product they sell to address that mold.  why not just combine both products?  i would pay a bit more for that and avoid having to throw out filters at the end of every winter."
it is much lighter than shown in the picture. it is pastel and almost white looking. i still love this product and got it for a great price. both my daughters love it.
Not as heavy as I imagined it to be but still useful!
The snap comes undone when you least expect it. Luckily I have not lost the pocket completely yet.
"Great bag, not too big not too small. However, i used this bag for cloth pads and not diapers so i cant say if it can handle a baby's stinky situations . It is waterproof for the most part and easily washable."
"I ordered the blue ones twice.  I love love love gumdrop pacifiers.  They feel nice to the touch, and theyre the only ones my little boy would take from the time he was born.  I can never find these in walmart, theyre ALWAYS sold out.<br /><br />Gave 4 stars because I ordered blue twice, and once I recieved pink and purple.  That doesnt bother me one bit, but I know some people care very much about the color preference."
great standard pacis
"Excelent.  My newborn baby girl loves it, probably because there's a bigger hole in the nipple compared to avent's. It's also nice because you can sterilize it in the microwave by themselve without a sterilizer."
Very cute but did come with a chemical smell. The smell went away after washing it.
"These were just what I was looking for. My Grandson comes over and if he drops his Pacifier, my playful Schnauzer grabs it and runs outside so I needed backups.<br />These arrived without damage because they are rubber but the packaging could have been better as the cards these are in were all bent and squashed from handling via mail."
In my area all the hospitals give this brand out when you have a baby. They aren't the best looking brand out there but they seem to be very functional at calming a new baby. I was happy to see Amazon offer different colors then the standard hospital issued teal and the price was really good. I wish the part that sticks out of the babies mouth was smaller because when you are trying to take pictures it feels like it's covering the babies entire face!! The product is really great for what it is though. Highly recommend these for a baby girl they are extremely durable and when the baby starts cutting teeth you don't have to worry about them chewing parts of it off!
this was a gift and she loved it very much!!
great way to keep the water in the tub.
great playpen but it's a little bit harder to get together than the graco that we had previously.
"these are about 8.5&#34; x 8.5&#34;, which is quite small.  although they didn't work well for my originally intended use, i do really like them as a workout accessory.  they are smaller, softer, and more absorbent than a regular handkerchief, and they work very well for that purpose."
"confusing to set up, but when it was figured out its a  good bed"
"its as good as expected, takes about 6-7 minutes for a full sterilize. just beware, if you are ordering from overseas, like i did, it comes with a 110-volts plug. i had to purchase a voltage transformer from the local market for it to make it work."
i like the many pockets you can put all the things the baby needs in. very useful. 4 star because it doesn't look as cute as the picture. the material looks cheap.
Great shape similar to breast nipple but a little hard . The great thing is that the nipple is short so for my newborn it's perfect that it doesn't hit the back of her small mouth and gag her .
great value
colors aren't as vivid as shown and the string is very fine but it's a nice mobile.
I rated this 4 stars only because I don't think it is good for my grand daughter for newborn use.  The nipple is a tad bit big and she likes the smaller ones (she was 7 lbs at birth).  She will use it when she gets a bit bigger and then I would rate it 5 stars.  It is easy to use and find and stays in place.
fits perfectly! went on easy and no bubbles!
"i have the rainforest one from fisher price. i loaned it out. i got this one due to the picture showing it slid under the bed, no it has to be disassembled first. on the plus side its bright and fun, wish it played music when movement activated it. cant wait toi get my rainforest one back."
i love love love this booster! the only reason i gave 4 stars rather then 5 because the straps seem to twist a lot and i have to fix them. but its a small thing to deal with for a safe car seat that is made so well! i am very happy with the purchase and love britax!
"this bag is pretty small, but perfect for daycare cubbies. the bottle straps inside are handy. very sturdy and well made."
"this bag is very beautiful and doesn鈥檛 look like a diaper bag at all. the nylon material seems very durable and easy to clean. bottle  pockets on both sides of the bag  are insulated. i put on of the bottles for example  and you can see it on one of the pictures (i use playtex drop-in bottles).<br /><br />in front of the bag there are two pockets. the lower one can fit full size wallet and there still will be some space on the side. the top pocket could be perfect for cell phone or small items (i would use it for my personal things ), and to give you an idea how big it is on one of the pictures i put facial wipes mustela in it. once the wipes are in i am able to close the pocket but the top part of the wipe鈥檚 container sometimes gets on the way. also, zipper on this particular pocket is hard to work with. what i mean is that you will need to use two hand to close it. i think it because the placed zipper so high to the top of the bag.<br /><br />on the back of the bag there is a zipped compartment for changing pad. it鈥檚 a  standard size for skip hop brand  and i believe no bigger or smaller than most others.<br /><br />on the inside there are four pockets that are the same size. you might see from the picture that pockets are reinforced, which i love, because it hold things more secure. it doesn鈥檛 have bottle pockets on the inside of the bag. also, i like the color of the inside 鈥?its not black so you can find things easier, but not too light to show dirt.  the stroller hooks can be placed on the inside of the bag  when not in use.<br /><br />my other favorite part is 鈥?the bag has zipper on top! i don鈥檛 have to worry about everything flying out of the bag when i throw it in the car. the stroller hooks can be used even when the bag is closed, another big plus.<br /><br />the hardware is color of yellow gold, and as much as i dislike the yellow gold this particular tone doesn鈥檛 bother me.<br />the handles are very comfy.<br /><br />overall i would highly recommend  this bag to anybody who, like me, is looking for a diaper bag that doesn鈥檛 look like it. it is very roomy even if it doesn鈥檛 look like it. i was between this one and storksak .  skip hop holds same amount or even more and looks nicer.<br />but i do have my concerns: zippers would ne first one (i noticed when you place something in the front pocket it a little easier to close),  i wish the handles were from nylon material instead of faux leather 鈥?would last longer, the same can be said about details 鈥?i am not sure how long the faux leather will last, i also wish skip hop would add a shoulder strap (but it鈥檚 just personal preference)"
"great, nice prints"
So cute!
"pretty cool glow in the dark, if charged before bedtime easy to find at night!"
Great product overall. Only issue i had was that when i recieved it the case was cracked and broken front and back. If i had bought this as a gift i would have been extremely upset about this fact. Not a very good thing to ship in a cheap envelope.
"i really like these pump parts, they seem very comparable in quality to medela parts. however i noticed they are made of #6 plastic, and i've read that this type of plastic can leach toxins into food. medela parts are made with #7 plastic, which can leach hormone disruptors. so either way you can't win :/"
works for my 6 month old. he loves the rubber nipple also just for chewing.
"this isn't the best swing in the world, i would actually have rated it a little lower if my baby didn't love it so much--he doesn't care about the things that bother me!  we purchased this swing after the motor stopped working on his old swing, which was a fisher-price swing in the same style as this one (just a different theme and it was several years old).  the old swing was perfect, sturdy, great performance (although it did go through batteries pretty quickly).  apparently these swings aren't made as well as they once were--the plastic is thinner and seems cheap, the frame of the swing rocks as he swings--not enough to turn over, just enough to be annoying to me.  the mobile was made wrong in the factory and would not spin all the way around because two of the arms were pointing in the wrong direction and wouldn't pass the swing bar--so i had to forcefully bend them down, which marred the plastic, but at least my baby can enjoy the mobile now.  i will say that the batteries are lasting much longer in this swing, and it has the bonus option of plugging in to an outlet, which is handy.  the theme is also cute.  the important thing is that it seems to be safe and my baby loves it, which is why i gave it four stars despite my complaints about it.  if i had it to do over though, i probably would have spent the extra money to get a better swing."
"it is easy to use, but they lose suction power too soon."
"not recommended for using, just sooooo cute."
i've yet to wash it for the full potential of absorbing.  however it already out does all the other diapers in my current stash.  my 18 month old daughter is an extremely heavy wetter.  she has slept 6 hours before waking from being wet.  it's usually about 1 1/2 to 2 hours.  i know as i continue using i'm going to really love it.  i bought it based on reviews about night time use.  i wish i had bought 2.<br /><br />update:  now that i've been using this for awhile i love it.  she has slept 11 hours without waking to be changed.  i'm going to buy another one that way i'll have one for the night the other one is hanging out to dry.  i line dry all my diapers.<br /><br />update:  i have been using for a year now.  still works great with a wool cover.  i have 3 in my stash now.  not as soft now.  i still put a bamboo insert in next to her skin.  i also put another charcoal bamboo insert underneath then cover with a wool cover.
I think this a great game
Wasn't compleyely what I exspected but love it still
my grand daughter like them
both my children love these pacifiers
pacifiers only glow in the dark for a short time so it doesn't really help you in the middle of the night when you are trying to find it in the crib.  My son loves them though.
ALL OK
"Huge fan of these. However, the elephant doesn't lay on baby's chest as nicely as some of the others. Doesn't stay put very well."
It was smaller than Expected but very cute. Love it !
"Love the MAM pacifier's, purchased for a baby shower and the baby loved them (and mom was so happy)!  Slightly more expensive than other pacifiers, but great product."
"I bought these in the hopes they'd be a better alternative to the regular Nuk orthodontic ones which collect water in the nipple and have mold and mildew issues. These are all one piece, are easy to clean, and don't collect water in the nipple. My daughter liked them, but I wish they came in a larger size too. Also, they collect every little piece of lint. Other than that, they are great. Now that we are on to the size 2 nuks, we can't use these anymore."
The baby's mother loved Hello Kitty so we made this purchase for her. The baby used these pacifiers for several months. They were cute and obviously the baby enjoyed them. That is all that counts. I would make this purchase again if I had another lover of Hello Kitty.
"Good pacifier, great nipple length and face guard.  Baby doesn't like the teardrop shape of the nipple though...I wish the nipple is a straight column instead of teardrop shaped."
great binkys!
One day our kid realized he could protest the administration of medicine and to our surprise he was quite good at rejecting it. After struggling a bit and failing to be able to use the syringe/plungers that come with the over the counter medicines we purchased several products to try something else. This was the best out of the ones that we tried and we have been using this exclusively for several months since.<br /><br />You can use this as a syringe to suck up the medicine from the bottle but for something like Motrin where the dosage is a small volume I found it  more accurate to use the one that comes in the Motrin box and then transfer it to the mini medicator. This method does require you to be careful and can make a mess. So my only knock on this product would be that it is not easy to transfer medicine to it if you do not use it as a syringe. After squirting medicine all over the kitchen in the middle of the night one time I have gotten the prep down now.<br /><br />As far as administering medicine it works quite well. The shield prevents spilling back out and the design shoots the medicine off to the sides of the mouth which does not choke our kid if he's on his back like the out of the box syringes would.
"Great idea for a way to get an infant to take medicine.  I don't know how it actually works though, as I gave them out to nieces and nephews at Christmas."
Very cute pacifier. Just harder to keep in the baby's mouth is the only complaint.
"My newborn's best friend! I tried giving her another pacifier that had a slant nipple but she didn't like it at all. She likes this style nipple way better. It's great having the stuffed animal on the pacifier because I can always see where it is. I didn't realize you couldn't separate the two. I normally like to sterilize bottles/nipples/pacifiers at least once a week so I have to improvise with this. But other than that, it's great to have."
"I have a couple other animal Wubbanub binks, but this one is my least favorite. Because the pacifier sits on the trunk that is curved to one side, it makes the weight distribute unevenly. This one is harder to stay put in baby's mouth. I think once baby is older it won't matter as much though."
Super cute. My daughter loves it.  A few edges were not smooth hence the 4 and not 5 stars. But  very cute box to stash &#34;secret&#34; things in.
"This is a good looking and sturdy bed. I'm forced to ding a star as the assembly is a pain since the parts are not labeled at all. So, you have to use your imagination and rework to assemble. One more thing! The bed I received although was unopened and new, was manufactured in Feb 2013 - 2 years before I bought in Feb 2015"
"After doing a lot of research, we chose this car seat for my son.  It has the best overall protection, so we really felt like my son was protected, although thankfully we never had to test that out.  I will say that it is hard to clean though, and after a few cases of the stomach flu we couldn't really get the smell out anymore and bought a new one.  This seems to be a common problem with most car seats though."
"My 18 months looks forward for his baths, its very nice.<br />Pros: very good for toddlers,<br />cons: It sticks better on the bathtub, instead of wall tile from the bathtub.<br />but although its very good."
"EcoAble is one of the better All in Ones. I wouldn't recommend the type with the sewn in insert because they take forever (3 dryer cycles; 1.5 hours+) to dry. I like the ones with the inserts that snap in. Because of the color of the insert and diaper lining, stains don't show as much. The size is generous; the rise (crotch to belly button) is more than most other brands and the legs are gusseted preventing most leaks. Still, of all the brands I've tried, I just found Green Mountain Diapers Workhorse Cloth-eez and will be staying with them. They are a cotton cloth diaper; tapered, and with snaps (so no snappies claws to use). They must have a diaper cover to go over them but they are the next best thing to a diaper service in absorbency."
Exactly what I expected. We wanted to try white noise for the baby and it has a bonus of other sounds as well. The timer is a great feature although we leave it on all night.
Seems to work pretty well.
"Absolutely love love love WubbaNubs. Such a cute idea and very nice for the baby. it keeps the paci in their mouth and gives them something to hold on to! My son always has to have one with him. I have bought 3 so far. A blue dog, giraffe and a dinosaur. They do get dirty so wash it often. The only reason i gave this one 4 stars is because my son eventually ripped the paci off.i dont think it was the product itself i think the reason is because my son  teeth are coming in and he thinks its funny to jerk it out of his mouth. but overall Wonderful product and i would recommand any of the wubbanubs to people!"
This is too cute and perfect!
"we really love this cup so far. it does leak some - often it's not bad, but occasionally i'll step away from my daughter and come back and somehow there's a puddle that sneaked out. the other negative is that the straw discolors very easily - within the first few uses. but overall, my daughter (10mo) can easily drink from this straw (not too wide), can pick it up with the handles and loves to look at the &#34;feathers&#34;. it's the only straw cup she'll drink from (we've tried 2 others so far)."
just what i expected it to be and of good quality.
work well but too sensitive.
tried once to my 8month old son. failed to use this cup. but then someday i wish he would love it.
nice
worked great for my grandson. easy to inflate/deflate.
"i like the bottle. i was a bit confused as to why the number are backwards on the outside but it made sense when i saw them on the inside...i am able to measure the amount better by being able to see the numbers on the inside. if you dislike plastic bottles like i do, it's worth getting. a bit pricey but overall a good bottle and very cute colors!!!"
ordered this puppy for disneyland and it kept my babies dry. i felt like i was fully equipped for the rare storm in la. it's a bit of a hassle putting it on and making sure it's secure but well worth it for the protection. even made me feel better when people were coughing and sneezing all around and the little ones were really in their own bubble!<br />i own a baby trend double jogger and it fit great.
good product
this cup transfers liquid to my baby's mouth effectively without spilling.
Not bad
"i like the product but a bit plasticy, but great for the price! quick arrival!"
"My daughter loves this!! I would have giving a five star if it wasn't for the fact that the pacifier is sewn to the toy, I wish it was a clip that I could change out the pacifier. Other then that it is wonderful, my daughter loves holding it while sucking on her paci."
"This paci had a small defect in the lamb's eye, but overall great product!"
My daughter loved this!  So nice for her to be able to find it on her own at night.
fine
love this!
Good item.
good product
the baby really liked this one
"I ordered all of the novelty pacifiers that I could find for my grandson for Christmas, and I love them"
Gave it as a gift for my niece's new born. It was a hit.
Excited to use this. Wish the handle was a bit more sturdy...but size and feel are very durable.
i am giving this a 4 star for two reasons:<br /><br />1. my toddler doesn't like to stand in a &#34;cage.&#34;<br />2. the construction isn't up to par in terms of steady wood. i constructed it and put it next to the cooking island in the kitchen but had to keep looking to see my toddler was okay. it just seemed too flimsy.
"this carrier is great for what i need, it is pretty basic and good for around the house. i have twins and it can be hard to get things done around the house. this is pretty easy and simple to use so i can wash dishes and make lunches while carrying around one of my sons. this has been very helpful and soothing when one of them is fussy, they seem to like being in it and enjoy feeling my movements as i walk around the house. i wouldn't recommend it for wearing over long periods of time but it is comfortable to wear around for up to an hour or so, more than that and your back may start to hurt. so if you are looking for something basic this is a good choice and very affordable. i have a more expensive carrier i recieved as a gift and i have only used once due to the fact that it is near impossible to get on and put the baby in by yourself. this is easy to put on and adjust, it is also easy to get the baby in and out of."
funny little pacifier :)
"My son liked these best, until he had a bottle, then he wanted pacifiers that matched his bottle shape."
"Great product. Gave as a gift, but was exactly what I was expecting."
They arrived on time. And are great. The flavor doesn't last long. But it was still worth the pay.
"These are nice, but compared to all of the other styles, this one makes my son look like he is out of a horror movie with the see-through detail. They are my least favorite of all of the styles/colors by avent."
"I wish we had this when we got home from the hospital. We spent the first few weeks propping up the pacifier with blankets but then keeping a close watch on the baby. I think I would've felt safer, and not feel the need to constantly supervise with the WubbaNub.<br /><br />We got the product when our son was 2.5 months but he had really outgrown its usefulness because he wouldn't lie as still as when he was a newborn. He would turn his head constantly and the WubbaNub would fall out and he could never get it back. I think this product would be fantastic for a baby 2 months and younger."
"As a nursing mom, I resisted using pacifiers for probably two months. However I wanted to have some pacifiers on hand in case we needed them for sleep. The interesting thing though was that my daughter wouldn't take a pacifier. So I put them away for a while. Around eight months we moved to a new house and I found my daughter was having trouble sleeping. I pulled out these pacifiers and they soothed her as she dealt with new house/new room. She didn't use them long but I was glad to have them on hand."
"My Daughter currently uses the 0-6 month size, I just purchased these to have on hand when we need to size up.  I selected &#34;girl&#34; colors when I ordered but I received 2 white ones with blue &#34;handles&#34; and blue camo pattern but that doesn't bother me. My daughter can rock boy colored nuks. She doesn't care what color they are. :)<br />The description specifically says colors may vary so you are taking a chance to get different colors.  This listing was just the cheapest one which is why I chose this one. If Color is something that would bother you I'd go with one where you are guaranteed to get what you want.<br />Either they these are legit NUK brand and will be perfect when we need to size up! :)"
"These are great as a pacifier- they glow in the dark for only about two minutes, so don't expect to wander into your child's bedroom at 4 in the morning and find the magical pacifier that they threw onto the floor, under the crib."
"This seems like a high quality pacifier, but it is, BY FAR, the most enormous nipple I have ever laid eyes on.  It really is ridiculously big, but maybe there are babies out there who would really go for it.  Mine wasn't one of them.  My particular kiddo wouldn't touch it, but in fairness, I never did find a pacifier that he would take."
"We bought this pacifier because it was free of the toxins found in so many other pacifiers.  It is well made, but I think my son has more trouble keeping this pacifier in this pacifier than he does others, due to its design and probably being a little big for his 2 month old mouth."
i ordered on-line and it was as shown in the picture. good quality.
"there aren't really instructions on how to put it up, but it is numbered.  you do may need a magnifying glass to see the numbers on the picture though.  also, some of the decals don't stick very well.  i have to keep pressing them down, but i do have slightly textured walls so it may be because of the walls."
bought for my grand-daughter. very nice colors and quality.
"i recently added to my cloth diaper stash. previously, i only had a grovia with 2 regular inserts and 2 hemp. they're alright, but my baby would usually leak onto the inside of the outer liner, so i didn't often get more than 1 use out of it before having to wash, despite having 4 inserts. so, the new cloth diapers i just tried are alva baby ai2 print reuseable washable pocket cloth diaper nappy + 2 inserts s09, thirsties duo wrap snap, blackbird, size two (18-40 lbs) with thirsties hemp inserts 2 pack, large 18-40 lbs and thirsties one size pocket diaper snap, blackbird.  as for overall fit, i like the alva baby best. my daughter is 6 months and a little over 20 lbs. these fit pretty nicely. the snaps are arranged in such a way that the waist fits snuggly without the fabric getting bunched up. i'm not wild about the micro fiber insert, mainly because i can't stand synthetic fabric but it does the job. i've had no issues with leaks or absorption. with this and other pocket style cloth diapers, make sure you get the insert put in place spread out and flat inside the pocket so it doesn't get bunched up and cause leaks.   thirsties one size pocket has a superior insert, but it would actually work in the alva baby, and i'm thinking of buying a couple thirsties inserts to use with the alva diaper. thirsties one size pocket isn't as nice of a fit as the alva baby, imo, the reason being the waist snaps aren't arranged as nicely as the alva, but otherwise, it's equal quality and performance to the alva diaper. size wise and fit around the legs seems about the same to me. but for the price, i'd go with alva.  the duo wrap snap is totally different, more along the lines of the grovia, except on the duo wrap it's one big flat insert, identical to the one size inserts except a little larger and it just lays flat inside the outer liner, there is nothing fastening it in place. this diaper is better if your baby is too big for the one size pockets or the grovia. though, it isn't my favourite style. i didn't have any issues with leaks, though, and if you want to use prefolds i think this diaper would be a great choice. the outer liner is thin but waterproof, so it won't be too bulky with a prefold inside.  after trying these few different cloth diapers, i really prefer the pocket style. both thirsties and alva get the job done with no issues, no leaks, etc. but alva is dramatically cheaper and a nicer fit around the waist due to a better snapping style. i'd recommend buying the inserts for thirsties to go with alva baby if you really want a better insert, but the originals do work fine.  also, for use with cloth diapering, i highly recommend using something like bumkins flushable diaper liner for catching bm's. it makes everything so much simpler! just lift it out and toss it in the trash! no messy poop cleanup! that's the only liners i've tried, but i can't complain. hope this helps. i've never had or used those sprayers for getting the poop off into the toilet, and before using the liners, i just shook the poop off into the trash, but the liners make it really easy, and they're biodegradable and relatively inexpensive. once by baby wets her diapers or poops, i never reuse the liners! i've seen some reviews saying they just reuse if it's not too soiled, but i don't advise doing that, especially if your baby has sensitive skin."
"sent wrong color than what was ordered, which worked out better in the long run. other than that, great product!"
we enjoy reading our new book!
"my puppy broke out once, but its because i didnt have it tight enough...after my adjustment, it's been a clutch and i have no complaints...setup took me only minutes...only thing that isnt ideal is if you plan on setting it up/taking it down often, as that will be a pain in the butt to do...my space was approx ~55 inches wide, so this fit perfect and i still have an extension piece...def happy with my purchase, even though roxy isnt :)"
i bought this for my 2 year old son and he loves it. the only issue i have with it is the bluetooth after 45 minutes goes into sleep mode and blinks which is distracting for him.
"it's really as cute as it looks!<br />giving it 4 stars because it's a little small for a standard sized rocking chair and i had to stretch the ties and tie them in weird places to make it fit. it is beautiful though, and the picture really doesn't do the detail proper justice. very happy with this. :)"
"good, the change color when the food is hot, is a good help"
"i just received this crib. it came on the day and in the time range that i had requested. putting the crib together was not too difficult, and we really like the dark brown color as it matches the other furniture that we have bought. lajobi, the company that makes bonavita cribs, will no longer be making cribs, so it will be impossible to get a conversion kit for this crib, but the crib was discounted &#62;50%, which i think was worth not being able to get the conversion kit in a few years.  the crib was similar to prices we saw at ikea but much better quality, in my opinion. i was not necessarily looking for a convertible crib though, so if that is a must for you, then do not buy this crib.<br /><br />the crib looks beautiful, and it did not have any  major defects that we could see. the only reason i did not give it 5 stars is b/c my baby is not here yet, and so i'm not sure how she's going to like the crib."
"i was a little hesitant in buying this on line as you couldn't really get a good picture of it, but it was just what i was looking for. the cover is made with a thin cloth and would have rather it have been something you could wipe a little better, but still if pretty good quality."
"a little hard to figure out how to wear it at first- i had to practice a bunch and used baby doll to try before i felt comfortable wearing newborn- wish i had known about it at birth of my 4.5lb preemie- as the ergo and bjorn were too big for her to sit in- now she is 7lb and i find the bjorn is just easier- but- nice fabric, nice packaging- decent price- not adjustable for different sized family members as most carriers are- you order the size shirt you would wear"
"the monitor was easy to set up and worked perfectly at first. then, we started getting an error message. i contacted customer support and had an excellent response. they shipped a replacement unit immediately and followed up to make sure it arrived and that i was satisfied. replacement unit is working perfectly. i would give the monitor 5 stars if we hadn't had to get a second unit, as i think it is a great monitor at a great price. but, customer support deserves 6 stars."
its good.....
"these do the job. plastic is a bit flexible, but that works for my needs. toddler can't get in to cabinet. good buy"
i bought this for christmas for my 6 month old.  i thought it was hilarious looking....and it is in person.  it sort of looks like a dog toy but is pretty funny to watch your baby chew on.  it is great texture for teething and chewing!
Awesome alternative to the soothie. Better shape.
Its a good pacifier. I was expecting the elephant to be heavier. It does not keep a good job staying in her mouth like I expected but it is cute.
Fun!
"It's ok, just too pricey for a pacifier"
"Our babe didn't take to this style of pacifier until he was about 3-months, unfortunately. But every baby is different, of course.<br /><br />They are of excellent quality though and we will be buying the next size up for our little guy.<br /><br />I docked it a star for not having a nice loop or hole so we could attach a clip easily, like this one: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007IERG0I"
Bought this as part of a Christmas gift for my brother and sister in-law who are expecting. They loved it!
my grand daughter likes these pacifiers.
Decal fades shortly after purchasing<br />Pacifier next to that is great quality and our son really loves the shape and feel of the pacifier and nipple. Would recommend and would purchase again
My baby wasn't too interested in the hospital soothie so we tried these. She likes these better and I like the suction free channel. I don't know if my baby has an overabundance of cheeks but these leave marks on them.
Looks really funny
"Baby really likes this pacifier. It does smell like rubber, but that doesn't seem to bother her. The size is right as is the pliability and mommy likes that it is all natural. Plus, baby likes that she can grasp the handle and take it out or put it in when she wants. This one is a winner - worth the price."
"I am using these for my 5 weeks old baby boy. The nipple is softer, shorter, and it has a couple of grooves for him to latch on. The only drawback is that it marks his face."
"kid loves it, reason for 4 star is when you need to clean it , stuffed animal  is sewed to the pacifier, i have to wash it in washing machine."
Way too funny.
The sticking of the item isn't that great on the center seam of the caterpillar. But this item was really cute and is great for our 2.5 mo niece who is breast fed only and is having a hard time taking to a pacifier and bottle. The caterpillar helps keep the pacifier in place when she gets in to the habit of sucking on it constantly and keeping it in her mouth!<br />It's super cute! Her mom also love it. The actual pacifier is soft material too!
"The WubbaNub brand has come highly recommended by other moms. I'm expecting my first child so I can't say how the baby will like it, but this kitty pacifier is great in my opinion. Perfect size for a baby and the shape of the kitten should allow my baby to hold on to it well. Can't wait to see it in use."
good product
"Love the idea and loved it more when my son took to quickly. I do wish the animal had a tiny bit of weight to it so those wandering flailing newborn hands couldnt just flip it off of them, but now at 6 weeks my son has grown accustomed to holding the frog. I do see more of these in our future."
Very cute/ Not really weighted enough to keep the pacifier in the mouth but my son woul hug the lamb and it helped it stay in his mouth.
these work really well but can be tricky to install on non-modern cabinets. i accidentally installed the magnetic part too close to the latch part and my cabinet stuck closed! i had to use a butter knife and hammer to knock it back just enough so that it would unlatch properly and i could get the door opened again.  the knife/hammer combo rendered that latch unusable and had to be replaced with a new one. lesson learned. i'm not sure how you would ensure this wouldn't happen other than moving the moving latch away from the catch as far as possible and slowly adjusting them closer and closer until they catch?  i have a 1960's kitchen with partial inset doors. i was able to get everything aligned right eventually but it took me about 20-30 minutes for one door. i gave up trying to do the others.
so far my kiddos love these cups.  they are not leaking yet and hold the perfect amount of liquid.  so far so good.
"this is incredibly cute but the sounds from each ring are not the same decibel.  in fact, the pig squeals and the frog ribbits are very, very faint, to the point that they are non-existent to an 8-month old.  she adores the giggle from the top, though, and the cow's moos greatly interest her. somewhat overpriced."
very easy to use.  it seems to be accruate (i have tested it by using both this infrared ear thermoneter and the traditinal one which give the same results). i would give it a 5 star rating if i'm able to evaluate its durability after using it for a year or more. would recommend purchasing
"good crib. no complaints. one of the wood pieces was bowed out, but we were able to put it all together and the piece in question straightened out."
Too funny!! Great photo ops
"cute toy! my 1 yr old nephew liked it and my 9 yr old son enjoyed playing with him with it, you put the 5 balls in and then they com out the bottom and the yellow part spins. there are 4 ramps that can be closed off so the balls can com out right to you or all over. fun lights and sounds and the monkey goes up and down."
"this stacker is absolutely adorable and my son loves it more than his previous ones because he always goes to this one first. he really enjoys the little black and white spotted stopper on top too. he spins it around and uses it like a ball too. the only downside to this is that because the rings are different shaped, or odd shaped rather, it is more difficult to get back together so they all fit on it and so the topper does too. my 5 year old step son even had a harder time, although he was lazy when trying lol. overall, a cute toy and my son and i were like it."
"the sticking wears off after a few days, but overall, it looks nice and keeps babies head safe when bumping the table.."
it's a great product but the motor is loud and suspect.  this is my second swing.  the first one gave away after about a year.  it put our babies to sleep though which i loved.
love the jumperoo!! wish that all 360* had more fun activities.
Cute but the glow is pretty weak.
"our kid would not sleep on the pad that came with our graco pack n' play because it was not firm enough (his crib mattress is very firm).  we were going on a trip and so we decided to try this to help us get him to sleep during our trip.  it fit snug, was very firm, and was very light.  it does not roll up so that limits the transport options (i.e., getting it on a plane), but for the price it really worked well for us.  we also just used the regular pack n' play sheets without issue."
i love these bandanas. they are so much cuter than regular bibs. our son has to wear one every day because the amount he drools from teething. the best part is they add to an outfit rather than take away from cute clothes like regular bibs. not a five only because they tend to bunch up in front of his face. wash nicely and have worn great!
"the perfect way to introduce baby to friends and family she doesn't get to see on a daily basis.  she always picks this book out to &#34;read,&#34; as the faces are fun to look at and there aren't very many words!  the cover is cloth and has gotten dirty and worn, so i do wish there were an alternative material."
"we made the decision to cloth diaper while i was still pregnant. we exclusively use tidy tots diapers one size system, in cloth diaper lingo it is a ai2 system. my child is now 4 months old and we have been using these since about 2 months old and 11 pounds. previously, we used 1 booster during the daytime diaper changes and 2 boosters for nighttime. however, as our baby has grown and become a heavier wetter we are now using 2 boosters per diaper change during the day and so far 2 boosters continue to work for her nighttime diaper. we couldn't be happier choosing this system and this company! the company offers personal and exceptional customer service should you ever have any questions or concerns, plus these hold up and wash really well with a quick dry time. additional benefit is that they remain trim, even with using 2 boosters my baby doesn't need to wear a larger size pant. so all those super cute 0-3/ 3-6 month size clothes i received at my baby shower are getting used! 4 stars only because they are a little pricy especially when having to use 2 boosters each diaper change."
"i love the product. it works well, exactly as described. my only issue (because i am super picky) was that when it was finished being put together (not that difficult fyi) it seemed to be a little non symmetrical. i expected it to be but it seems like i didn't put something together right. double, even triple checked myself and to my surprise it is just how it looks. the instructions were not difficult at all, went together rather easily just seems like the poles are a little bent or something. it hasn't effected the use or any of the features so i just try not to stare at it. super soft material, easy to clean, multi-functional, overall a great product. you never know if a baby is going to want to be swung, bounced or left alone (maybe with vibration on) so this product is nice for anyone who wants to be prepared for all of them."
"highly recommended. a bit pricey, but legit good design."
The description is precise and I got exactly what I wanted.
"I tried almost every pacifier on the market. I wanted my LO to use the Nattursutten pacifier because it's made of all natural rubber and is one piece (no space or hole for bacterial growth) but even though I purchased the butterfly shape, it was so big that it covered my LO's nose. And my LO is quite large for his age so it wasn't because of his size.  Other moms complain about the same design flaw, too.<br /><br />My second choice was the Gumdrop pacifier because although it isn't made of the same high quality material as the Nattursutten, it was one piece so again, no holes for bacteria to grow in.  But the pacifier was so heavy that my LO couldn't keep it in his mouth and I didn't want my LO to have to use so much force when using a binky.  Just logically speaking, I would think the LO's jaws would hurt from holding something so heavy for so long.<br /><br />So then I tried Advent and Dr. Brown which were lighter in weight but also covered the nostrils.<br /><br />I ended up using MAMS pacifiers only because they were super lightweight and didn't obstruct my LO's breathing at all.  But they are a pain to clean- the part that the LO sucks on is hollow so soap and spit get stuck in there.  After awhile, it turned murky in color despite my obsessive washing.<br /><br />As soon as my LO was older, I again tried the Nattersutten.  Still same problem- covered his entire nose.  Back to Gumdrop and thank goodness, this time, my LO was able to hold it in his mouth on the first try.<br /><br />I'm still not 100% satisfied with it because I don't understand why it needs to be so heavy and why the nipple is hollow (makes cleaning a pain).  Oh and the design makes LO look like Hannibal Lecter.  It's a bit disturbing to me.  Haha. But for now, my concern about bacteria growth in the MAMS binkies outweighs these issues.<br /><br />Until Nattersutten creates a pacifier with a deeper dip in the nostril area, I recommend the Gumdrop version."
"Got it for my one and a half year old nephew, good quality and recommended"
i think this is a great monitor for the price. we used to have a summer video monitor that worked well but wore out and the volume was always a bit static-y.  this is so clear. i also love how convenient the monitor is.
"this is a great baby monitor, the only thing is we seem to be getting some feedback or interference when my husband or i walk near the receiver if either of us are wearing a jawbone up pedometer bracelet.  other than that, it seems to work great."
good for the price. we use this as an extra whenwe have llittle guests over or we are traveling w our little one. lightweight and easy to put together.
"this is a great 'transitionary' sippy cup; however, parent who are weaning their little ones from the pacifier must beware: this product has a good chance of replacing the feeling of the pacifier for your baby!"
very useful to put all the items on the back of the car seat. it only works if you have a head rest set type car seat.
great easy to fold space saving ball pit. seems to hold up pretty well to an active toddler.
great sturdy laundry basket
"Cute, small,  soft.<br />Hopefully it holds up!"
"These are a great product. They really work well for our baby. Only reason it has 4 stars instead of five is because it looks a little big for my daughters face, but she is on the smaller side of her age range. She will grow into it I'm sure."
"Besides the soothie, this is the only pacifier that our 2 month old likes. Easy to clean. I sanitize in microwave in the Medela bags that I use for breastpump and bottle parts."
My baby won't take a pacifier.  Thought for sure she'd take this one since it's naturally shaped. She spit it back out.  I'm sure the quality is better than 4 stars but I'll never know I guess.
GOOD
Cute pacifiers.
"we bought the mirror for the discount price of $1.99. i am glad it was only that much but just because there is nothing special enough to justify the price of $22. it's a large mirror, we can see our daughter in it when we are driving but it's not attached very well to the headrest because it doesn't seem to be made for every head rest. but in general it fit our needs."
good
"great little fans - noticeable and refreshing little breeze for those hot summer walks (or, in our case, hot vacation destinations). little one grabbed at it repeatedly and still intact, even running it didn't hurt him when he grabbed it - which is great.<br /><br />only gave it 4 stars because my 6 year old's hair actually got stuck and wound around the fan pretty tight - seems like a product for kids should have some sort of shut off when something is stuck in it, maybe for the price-point its not available. she wasn't hurt and since we were right there we were able to get her detached relatively easily. would buy again."
"the quality of this plastic is very good. the artwork on these are really cute. the snap is good. i just find the size to be too big and hard to pack for a child to bring to school. the dividers do not reach the top of the lid, so the contents may shuffle, especially under the care of a child. i'd love these as a smaller singular box."
child easily rips them apart
great because i can use my non britax car seat with the stroller.  the only downside is the car seat has gotten tougher to remove over time and sometimes sticks in the frame
i'm trying to find a sippy to replace my daughters bottles and heard these were great. i agree it is pretty good and my daughter takes it the same as if it were a bottle but the only thing i have a problem is when she's drinking the nipple part sucks in and makes it hard for her to get the milk out. i have to physically unscrew the lid to allow air back in to stop the problem. other than that is is a good transition to a sippy cup.
it's not as beautiful as the pictures. but it's ok for my son.
"very nice,  but wish i had chosen the bigger size."
i bought these for my microwave after my daughter had and accident while trying to open the microwave. they work pretty well although they are a little larger  than i would have liked.
really cute. baby cannot wear right now. bought them large
excellent car seat. cushioning was good and easy to install to car. only disadvantage is there is room to wash the cloth in washing machine
"the warmer keeps the wipes warm as stated, but it also creates condensation inside the warmer and on the top lid. because of the condensation, it's hard to see how much wipes are left, even with the light on. the cord that attaches to the adapter doesn't seem to have a strong connection though, because i've had it turn off on me a few times when the cord moved. the wipes are warm when dispensed, but keep in mind that it cools very fast (5-10 seconds max) so you have to use it immediately. i would definitely recommend it especially through the winter months, since my dd startles when i use cold wipes."
"not bad, sealing can also, but take a breath i do not know good"
Love this product
Cute!
I really love the pacifier
Perfect for any Detroit Tiger fan or soon to be fan!<br />I purchased these for my best friends baby as a Christmas gift. They seem to be pretty standard pacifiers with just a super cool emblem on them!<br />Very quick shipping especially w the holidays. I placed my order less than ten days before Christmas and not only did it arrive on time is was early.<br />I'm satisfied with my purchase
"even though my son didn't really like a pacifier, he loves to hold on to the animal part of the wubbanub and now even at 17w he chews on the soothie part, and actually on the animals too!  I liked how the animal balanced the soothie for the newborn to keep it in their mouth!  Awesome product, makes a great gift!"
"great product, i love phillips avent products."
"placed the order on thursday got it on saturday. used it on sunday. my daughter is 2 years 4 months and it was a good fit. but was not able to wash very good on places near the ear. but my daughter is still crying just because she is afraid that water will flow over, expecting it to get better. will update the review again after a few weeks.<br /><br />i tried it on me and it was tight near my ears. i am not sure if it is the same way for my daughter!!!"
"super smooth. this thing is better than the stroller system we had for a our first child which probably cost us twice as much.<br />very easy to assemble and use. maneuvers very well, even in tight spaces.<br />my only complaint is that it is hard to put things underneath when the car seat is actually attached."
"DO NOT BUY THE GIFT SET -- go for the separate bottles! The gift set has a different, inferior bottom seal and it leaks. It doesn't matter how dry the bottle parts are. The regular bottles that are sold in pairs are excellent and have REVOLUTIONIZED feeding for us. HIGHLY RECOMMEND OVERALL."
"My daughter has had her WubbaNub for almost a year now and it has proven it's worth a thousand times over. Only issue with it is you can't remove the pacifier com the dog to clean, so I have to hand-wash the dog and all and it takes all day to dry making that the longest day in the world for my kiddo. Still, I would get one for anyone expecting a baby!"
good pacifer!
So far good a bit cheap but good
"Love it!! Cute, durable and easy to clean! Stands up to the washer and dryer!"
Grandpa and I will be able to find her binkie.
None available.
"Tried several brands until we found these! They are shorter than other brands and do not make the baby gag. She would spit out or gag on other pacifiers, so these are perfect for her. Only problem is that they leave a mark on her face (around her mouth) from it being short and the baby sucking hard."
"its cute, safe. but I wish we can replace  and wash the nipple part easier."
Love these pacifiers!
"We love wubanubs so much! The elephant design wasn't our favorite, felt the ears are a little too big and block baby's view. WE also have the giraffe and love that one."
Great product.
"The product is great. However, I missed that this pacifier only allows the infant to place it in the mouth one way. So, my son's pacifier is often upside down in his mouth whenever he tries to self soothe. Other avent pacifiers does not have this issue."
i have had this chair for over 8 months and so far its a good chair.  it does tend to squeak alot but some wd40 takes care of that.  i have noticed that i have to re-tighten the fasteners as they come loose quite often.
i absolutely love these bottles and the fact that they transition from normal bottles to sippy cups. but i've been very frustrated that the company has apparently stopped selling the sippy cup tops. my child was chewing through the tops and i desperately needed a replacement. thankfully i discovered that the prince lionheart sippy tops and handles work perfectly on these bottles.
the sleepy head pillows are great! i bought them for our 4 year old who was<br />waking up with bad allergies in the mornings. switching pillows seems to<br />have helped. thanks!<br /><br />jennifer moore
exactly what i needed for public restrooms.
works great.
"so this is basically a stylish color-coded thermometer. it gives me peace of mind as we live in an apartment that has constantly shifting temperatures. the thermometer seems to want you to keep your nurser colder than americans might be accustomed to but you can just ignore the color-coding that the thermometer uses (it wants your temperature to be in the light yellow range) and go by the numbers shown. a bit over priced for what it is; you're paying for the stylish design. important to note that its plug sticks out quite a bit from the unit so you can't have this flat against a wall, it will stick out an inch or two. not much else to say as it's just a thermometer."
"works great except got vaccum sealed a couple of times and i couldn't open it. so, i bought another thermos jar that has a different top (easier to open)."
kind of small
4 stars onky because I wish they were cheaper. Great binkis
this stroller is lightweight and folds up real nice. it folds compact and can store in any compact car. the downside is that you might get pinched by the handlebars while pushing the carriage.
"i purchased this item to have a lightweight alternative to our usual go-to car seat snap n go carrier after our baby was six months old and able to sit upright with assistance. she was able to sit comfortably in the seat without any concern of her head resting against the crossing frame bars in the back. she would even nap in the seat since it offered a slight recline, despite her being big for her age. it worked great for quick trips into the store while traveling and sightseeing. it is sturdy enough for us to drape the shoulder straps of the backpack we use in place of a traditional diaper bag over the handle bars without flopping over once the baby is taken out of it. the only concern that made me not rate it as a five is the metal clamp that unlocks the stroller to fold it is hard to manipulate for some people, especially those who are weak handed. other than that, for the price and functionality, it is a great value."
its okay but i returned and bought the munchkin brand instead.
"my daughter slept in this for nearly the first 6 months. i kept it by my bed and could easily move it around the house. the only problem we had was my daughter began only sleeping with her head turned one way so her neck became stiff and we had to work on laying her different ways so it didn't become a problem. also, it was quite difficult to transition to the crib once she had become accustomed to this but i'm sure that's the same if you had used a regular bassinet."
"awesome!  my baby loves this necklace,  and i love how it saves my face from little baby scratches, and saves my tatas from getting bit. the only thing i would say can improve, is the necklace."
love this idea for a baby gate rather than those you need to put up and take down repeatedly.  these were a gift for my son/daughter in-law who have a 1 yr old and another on the way.  the gates keep the baby safe from the stairs and give the dog a break from the baby.
nuk bottle is good for my baby
"delivered quickly. even has nipple caps, couldn't be more satisfied."
"didn't have the same cover as the picture, but it helped wedge my belly up while sleeping on my side. it really saved my back. i still use it two years later in my car as a soft seat."
"Our son loses his pacifier in the night and thought this was a good solution that he might be able to grab this instead of waking us up.  He does find it and play with it in the night, he just doesn't like the pacifier.  He prefers a different kind.  The times he has tried this the giraffe looks like a nice size to hang on the pacifier, not too big and heavy.  I gave it 4 stars not because he doesn't like it.  I wish the pacifier could come off of the giraffe so you could replace just the pacifier if needed."
Our 7 month old son's favorite paci since he was a month old. Downside: they are CLEAR and easily lost and they sometimes get moisture inside the nipple when cleaning. One has a  completely fogged nipple because I can't get in there and scrub it.
"It's adorable, nice and soft.  Our son uses it to snuggle with, but as stated in other reviews the arm of the bear is just a tad too short for baby to suck his paci (a Nuby) and hold the bear at the same time.  When the connected paci is in his mouth, the bear just sits in his chest.  It's a bummer it didn't quite work, it seemed if  the Binkbeay arm did reach, it would do the trick of helping him transition off the paci."
"very cute and durable. I wish the pacifier looked like the picture, the design is very faded. can hardly see the glitter and zebra print is more gray than black. but I still like it. otherwise I would give it a 5."
"I do love this pacifier because it's easy to clean and can easily be boiled.  However, it's heavier than others and tends to fall out of my baby's mouth."
My grandson's FAVORITE pacifier!
"They don't glow in the dark for long, but I love the MAM pacifiers.  My son prefers them over others."
"The glow-in-the-dark doesn't last long at all, but I love the pacifiers themselves.  My son likes the MAM pacifiers more than others."
good set
it's very famous. friends recommend me to buy it for my kid to ease his teeth. it turn out to be very effective.usually baby hold its neck and eat its head. but my kid likes to eat one of its foot...and stab other feet in his face....i try to correct him but no use...however it's a great toy
"very nice set for preschoolers, but a little pricey.  i would still recommend it."
for the money it's good.
great potty. the music helps teach to close the lid when done and also let's me know when she is done!
"my kid loved it and for that i want to give it 5 stars, but unfortunately it only played 3 melodies, plus 2 where it played a few notes and then stopped. even so this was one of my son's favorite toys, therefore i still give it 4 stars."
loved it
i wish it had a handle.  other than that is great!
a very useul bottle specially for long time picnic or shopping...love it
"cheap and does the job.  should let the buyer pick the color, would be more popular i think."
great crib. fits in smaller spaces yet sleeping area is standard. easy to put together.
great to have for on the go
great
works great but remains most after use.
i saw the playmat and instantly i loved it. it's very pretty for the baby as well it looks comfortable.
the owl hat was made just like photo showed.  it is cute and i know i will use it as a photo prop.  thanks
"fit really well, but not nearly as soft as i had hoped.  fingers crossed for softening up with regular washing."
we cut these in half because they are huge but they work great!
baby likes to play this but the battery gone so quick
air this rug or for about a week and you will love it.  i couldn't smell anything after that time.  has prevented many bumps to the head during play.
brushes are great. the sponges are a great addition but i feel like they are going to break off soon. but for at least a month they are doing great!
"great, i just wish there were more lights or moving lights. the moving leaves and animals are great, and brightly colored so the baby actually likes them and pays attention and we had no problem attaching it to giggle crib."
"i think these bottles are an older model because the caps are different. didn't like the caps, they were rough plastic vs the slippery shinny ones."
"good quality product.  purchased to make burp cloths, but they can still be used as diapers if necessary."
a bit small  very cute tho
this is harder to use than a similar one i had purchase overseas on a trip. the tip is wider and i think that takes up too much room in his little nose to be able to inhale enough. but with some effort it does the job
"it's difficult to get the carseat (keyfit 30) to snap in securely to the stroller. other than that, i love it. it's just light enough i don't mind lifting it in and out of the car. it rolls smoothly and folds/unfolds easily."
nice.
"although it doesn't have a hole, the insmooth bottom still allows mold to grow. but it added much fun to my baby's bath time. a must have item for young babies."
great little spoon for the diaper bag and travel. the spoon feels comfortable in your hand when feeding the baby.
does the job but they are not very absorbent and they aren't very soft.
"middle is super stretchy, so it doesn't hold a tiny newborn up.  you'll have to support their neck/head the entire time, so you're still bathing them with one hand.  my son doesn't seem to care, he loves this thing.  he's 3 mos and has always loved baths, we've always used this with him."
"these sheets are pretty awesome! the bottom sheet is fitted, which is expected. but then, the top sheet has fitted pockets on both corners; so you don't have to do hospital corners! that is absolutely a huge deal when you're dealing with a toddler bed that has rails or bars on two of the three sides down at the foot. the pockets keep the top sheet right in place!!! i want that in my california king sheets!!!! now to the drawbacks: they wrinkle seriously. the material is not soft. i was disappointed that the top sheet is reversed. they are a little too high priced. i don鈥檛 know how well they will hold up after multiple washing 鈥?but i鈥檓 hoping they are as awesome as the fitted pockets!!"
great product that is super soft and washes well.  the washability is incredibly important for a changing pad cover.
my 7month old loves this.
"everything is great,  4 stars because i wish it had some kind of music."
"great mat, though quite large.  make sure you have enough room for it."
good quality. sturdy. i should have measured first-i expected larger with a name like jumbo. definitely worth the price.
"i only gave this chair 4 stars because the stitching is coming apart and we have hardly used it. i need to try to find some warranty information to see if i can return it or get it replaced. other than than- i love it, i haven't had to wash it yet, but it has been very convenient the few times i used it."
"if you have a kid who likes pacifiers, then you must know that a good pacifier is a lifesaver. these wubanubs are my child's best friends. i have two on hand, we lost one tragically in the great mall incident of 2014. backtracked through the entire mall in a desperate search to find the lion wubanub we had.<br /><br />for newborns, they provide a small weight so it doesn't pop out of the mouth. as the kid gets older, it's something to hold onto while they suck away to their heart's content.<br /><br />the only problem they have is that they're not very easy to wash, but i'm sure there's some reason for the pacifier not being detachable. And that reason is that if it were detachable, then people would attach it to their own little plush dolls instead of buying more wubanubs."
"Seems to be a nice quality product... my son never did take to using a pacifier, but he has played with them a few times!"
"We love Wubba Nubs - such a great invention. We prefer the puppy, monkey & frog though. The giraffe has a scrawny neck - isn't as stable."
"My son loves his wubbanubs. I just wish they did not have the little beans in the feet as this could be a choking hazard. Anyway, the reindeer is cute and festive. I would love to see them make a snowman, too!"
this is great - i put it under her high chair and it collects the food she drops - i rinse it in the sink after each meal and hang it up.  only thing is it is a bit bigger than necessary which makes it a little awkward to rinse in the sink - but generally it's great.
good harness.  my 2 year old grandson didn't like it when we took him to mexico.  it was helpful in the airport and in between layovers to give him a chance to walk/run around at his pace.  .  it took me awhile to figure out the straps as the directions were lacking but i was able to find a youtube instruction page that helped a lot.
it's nice stroller  i like it and worth it's prize i recommend  it
i use them a lot. freezer and microwave okay
this product is awesome! it totally saved me on the 3 hour plane ride and when we were just going store to store (where a stroller was too big for). my daughter loves it. she actually cuddles up next to me and goes to sleep every time she's in it! only complaints are can't wear it for too long and its some times a challenge to get her in it just right.
works ok
my daughter loves this. she is perfectly potty trained but still fears falling in (who doesn't?). she moves it onto the toilet by herself with no problem. it is waterproof enough to wash in the shower.
"haven't used it yet, but the mattress looks nice upon arrival.  both of our beds are simmons and when it comes to our kid, my husband and i thought it should be a reliable choice."
i love this stuffed toy<br />it's really soft
funny
the box was big enough to hold all my son's thomas trains.  the top of the box could have been better for closing.  in all the box is perfect to keep all his trains in one place.
"Cute, easy for baby to hold. Pacifier seemed a little hard"
Love this product so much that it is now my go to gift for &#34;new moms&#34;.
They are great but they were all black. No blue stipres on them.
"I've bought two of these for a friend's baby- She grew to love it around 6months (once she could control her grip on his feet without accidentally ripping it out of her mouth), and it became like a comfort blanket.  She couldn't sleep without &#34;Normy&#34; and we had to replace it promptly with a new one when my dog ate him.  Having the Elephant attached made it easier to find than normal binkies (which have a way of getting lost in every corner of your car and couch).  The only improvement I would suggest is to have a snap-closure strap between the binky and the stuffed animal, so it can be washed easier when the fabric becomes too grungy."
i know it says colors vary- wish there was a way to indicate boy/girl/neutral colors. I thought maybe there would be a gender neutral color in the pack but i got pink and purple and i have a boy... but its fine he can still use them!
"We used this for our 6 month old, for about a year. We used it to transition to binky only at bedtime &#34;monkey is in bed and waiting for you!&#34;  Our sone would get excited to go to bed with his monkey.<br /><br />Also, when we decided it was time for the binky to go, we just cut off the end and he kept monkey.<br /><br />* put in washer many times (set out to dry)<br />* I am only giving 4 stars because the binky is more for newborns. (Which you aren't supposed to put things in bed with them for SIDS). I wish this came with bunnies for older children.<br />There are others on the market that you can add your own binky, but our son would always take them out of the animal!"
good
great
"Our little guy loves these pacifiers, and the glow in the dark feature is surprisingly helpful"
Super cute but the back leg came off the first time I washed it.
"After trying almost every pacifier on the market for my grandson who has a tongue tie, we have finally found success. These pacifiers have quite a small, flat teat which does not interfere with his natural mouth movement."
love the bassinet feature. it is sturdy & the mesh frame is safe for babies. it's very easy to wheel around the room as well.<br />taking one star out because the &#34;napper/changer&#34; attachment on top is really useless. you can't use that if you want to use this as a bassinet . besides the attachment is too small to hold a growing baby.<br />bad i dint understand why you would want the child to nap in the tiny mapper when he can nap in the sturdier bassinet?<br />why would you change on the &#34;changer&#34;  and risk soiling the whole thing (especially if you have a boy)?
love this but i've had it for a few months and the shoulder pad on the strap is ripped
"we were looking for as light weight and padded a mirror as we could find. this one works and is easy to install on the headrest. mirror isn't as clear as others we saw, but it did seem to be the lightest weight and &#34;safest&#34; we could find."
i bought this for my daughter who wouldn't spoon feed and likes to do it her self. she totally loves it the only problem is when it's not stuffed full she had a hard time getting the rest out. but i do love this way better than the other self feeding options on there!
"I like it, but it's not the two front teeth. It's the mouth with teeth. Still playful, and cute."
These binkies worked the best for my kids from 0-3 months. Would recommend to anyone.
Nice concept but only negative is that you can't sterilize it daily
"When colors vary, they should be gender neutral.  It isn't a huge deal, but it'd be nice.<br /><br />Mine were hot pink and lime green."
Everything is great but I just hate that handle. It is just huge. But this is the only pacifier my baby likes.
Awesome
Took 1 month to get it. But great product and price. Do not order if you need quick.
"Great for the price. Cute activity for a baby shower. BUT the mask is garbage. Yes you have to cut everything out, but that is to be expected. Just plan on using a scarf instead of the mask..."
"I wanted to say that these things SUCk, but that would be a lie... they are suckable!! Which is a good thing... baby seems to like it."
Good product. Can get them much cheaper via baby store with a coupon. Also prefer the 'Perfect&#34; version to avoid dental problems but these do the trick when your looking for one of the twenty pacifiers you have lost all over the house.
Great shower present friend loved it
"It's great to find translucent pacifiers for older babies/toddlers. My baby prefers the nipples on the Philips brand pacifiers over any other. However, these - unlike the Philips &#34;Freeflow&#34; - do have a &#34;right-side-up&#34; because of the way the outer plastic is shaped, as some other comments have noted. For that reason, I'll stick with the &#34;Freeflow&#34; ones, despite the colors."
I think these are very good pacifiers. They were my sons favorite when he was 0-3 months. He is now 5 months and does not care for pacifiers that much anymore. I would recommend these to anyone with a newborn as their first pacifiers.
"I love how these glow in the dark. These were my sons favorite pacifier besides his soothies. I recommend this product, especially the glow in the dark ones because they look so cute."
My daughter is still too little to understand this concept (she's 2 1/2 months) so we put it away until she's a little bigger. But the elephant is adorable and seems like the perfect size
"Great gag gift.  My son did not necessarily enjoy the shape of the pacifier, but for only a few bucks it was a nice purchase."
I like the fact that it's all natural with no plastic crap. Our little man wasn't very interested in using it though. I guess mama's nipple is more satisfying than rubber tree sap.
Good Quality.
"I bought these along with another brand of bpa free pacifier and while I like the closed design of the other brand (no water gets in when you wash them) My baby can keep these Nuks in his mouth better. They would be perfect if they were closed like the other brand,  with no crevaces for germs and water to get into but Id still buy these Nuks again."
Nice Pacifiers.  I like the glow in the dark handles and the caps to keep them clean on the go.  One down side is that the plastic is flat unlike some Pacifiers that are rounded (we also use MAM Pacifiers) to be more comfortable for the baby.  Our son doesn't seem to mind too much but it does take him a bit to get used to that if he's been using the others.
i tihnk these are a little overpriced but a good concept
"This is the first one I bought.  For some reason I thought it would be bigger(which isn't a problem).  But one thing I did not like is that pacifiers are sown on to the wubbanub.  So if the pacifier gets damaged, you have to buy a whole new one.  That's the only reason I gave it 4 stars.  I like it though"
Great product works as well as the $50 thermometer
This is super cute. The downside is that I expected it to be a little more weighted to keep the pacifier from getting pushed out. It is useful that the baby can hold the owl so I guess we will just have to wait a little bit for him to grow more and it will work great.
Good deal
These pacifiers are great. They don't really glow but they are very cute and durable.
they are great! grandson loves it
"These pacifiers are as good as the regular Avent ones, however they do have the little groove on top which will require you or the child turning it around if they are wanting to chew or play with the pacifier at times. The glowing handle is fun for  my 18mth old as it's something to focus on at night. The glow does not last long however, it's very quick to pick up light to when &#34;recharging&#34;."
great tools)))
i wanted to try the snap in insert and it was better than i thought however. i prefer the pockets. this was nice and soft on the inside too. it's a super cute print too.
works good on the floor as a bath toy caddy.  i have never tried to put it on the wall...
"definitely large for a bag, but i really like the soft top where baby puts his hand in.  too many of these cups have awkward plastic openings that i find too rough for a baby's hand."
"these bibs are awesome except now my son can pull the bib off because the closing is not secure. if they changed that part, this bib would be perfect."
different textures are fun for baby
looks and works great. we had to get accustom to stepping over the support that goes across the floor.
"this is still a project in progress - we originally bought this one because it wasn't worth the money to spend on a character-potty. the first day we brought it home, my son wanted nothing to do with it. so, i read online for some potty training tips and found that some parents let their children decorate the potty. we bought some thomas-the-train stickers and let our son cover this thing with thomas and his friends - and now he loves it. in the end, i'm glad we ended up going with this one, saving the money and letting our son experience the process of making this his own."
really nicely constructed bag that fits the b-agile perfectly. we have used it on 2 flights for gate checked stroller and it has worked well.
good purchase. gave it 4 stars because the nightlight isn't very bright and when nightlight is off the nightlight button is lite up and entirely too bright.
good  qual谋ty
A gift and they said it is cute.
"I've tried the soothies in the store, and they aren't vanilla scented, and my baby does not like them. We love our vanilla soothies! Definitely worth the money!"
Nice
This is a favorite gift of mine to give - I have 9 nieces and nephews and they have loved getting them.
Good
Love this!  Just wish it was detachable for cleaning.
good product for glass tables...
perfect
"the universal mounts didn't work with my posts, but zip ties and duct tape solved any mounting issues. it works great,"
"This is a really wonderful product, and has given me peace of mind on a number of occasions.  The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars, is because your baby needs to be consistently sucking on the product to give an accurate read.  Of course if your baby isn't great at taking a &#34;binky&#34; then this probably isn't the product for you."
But they did not give it to my granddaughter to use.  I guess she does not like it.  I thought it was cute.
As discribed. Although baby wasn't into it...like many other pacifiers.
"Love it! My little one did not like the pacifier that came with it, so I took it off and sew another on one. It keeps her hands busy when she is not sucking on it."
"they're tricky to get on, using a credit card helps. they're great once they're on, they don't look tacky, they don't block the view and the windows roll down. i also like that they're safe in an accident, unlike the suction cup ones, which could become projectile upon impact and hit your child."
super cute and my 16 month old twins love this!  they can turn the pages themselves and haven't figure out how to get the pictures out!  one tiny downside - such a strong smell of plastic!
the superyard play yard is great and i like that the company makes a walk-through gate for it.  but the gate bows just enough and sags just enough to make it a challenge to open one-handed.  i found myself going in and coming out with a baby in my arms so i had hoped to be able to open and close the gate more easily and get it to stay latched.  still a great product.
"it's okay. looks kinda cheap. works good,though."
very nice it met my expectations
"this hammock is wonderful for organization for dolls, bears or etc. be careful not to put to many large objects or have objects."
4 stars because they are a little pricey; but overall  good quality. Baby just prefers a different brand.
My kid likes it. It will be perfect if it came with one more cover.
"all natural rubber and in one piece.. no clogging of dirt or water and no scratches or wearing off of the material. Best pacifier you can buy for your baby.<br />I would only like it to be not as wide, my sons face is very small and this one is like half of his face. I like the nipple size but the part that's going to be outside his mouth is too wide n big."
Works very well. I think it's a little pricy but keeps the paci from rolling under the bed at night....
this is super cute! it's very roomie and soft. my daughter is so excited! good quality.
"i do like it but my toothy little 8 month old bit off a bristle! i don't see any way around it with this design though. we will continue using it but with more monitoring. he loves to &#34;brush brush brush!&#34; with me every evening before bed, i do think it is teaching healthy habits and i am not worried about him falling while holding it!"
"The only pacifier my baby will use. All the small commercial ones fall right out of her mouth. Very cute contrast on a tiny baby face. Although the large circular shape on the nose is not ideal for side sleepers, it hits the mattress and comes right out. As well, the shape makes fallen pacifiers much harder to find (they roll very far!)"
My baby will only take these and the avent soothies. I love that these come with a cap and can be thrown in the diaper bag without a second thought.
Super cute!
Keeps my son's pacifier handy.
Super cute!
Beautiful design. My baby loves her MAM perfect dummies. Sterilising box is very handy to sterilise in the microwave. It's a shame the dummy does not come with a hygienic cover.
good product
"These are just like the hospital pacifiers that get sent home with your baby and at a great value. Unfortunately my son didn't care for an pacifier but mam. However if your baby likes the Soothie kind, then these are a great buy!"
These were cute and a nice quality my baby just didn't like them. We keep trying but he just doesn't like the pacifiers that have the indented nipples on them. (Which I wish that there were pictures of the nipples so that I would know beforehand about this).
my 18-month-old twins are doing well as the learn to hold these spoons. i love that i can angle the spoon to the side so they can  (awkwardly) scoop their food :p
perfect for travel
"a little difficult at first to put on crib. directions a bit difficult to understand. my baby kept sticking her legs through the slats in the crib and this was a perfect solution without the bulky, unsafe bumper pads. color was perfect for my daughters grey crib / frozen themed nursery!"
nice gate that we use at the top and bottom of our stairs. my husband installed these gates in about an hour or so. we did have some issues with attaching them into our walls. the way these work is you wrap and attach them to the banister and do not have to drill or damage your wood banisters. but they do need to be attached to the wall and drilled into the wall...after using for a few times the screws came out leaving huge holes in our walls. my husband had to get larger anchors and re drill the holes. if you don't have studs in the area you are going to install the gate you might run into the same problem. we use the gates all the time so opening and closing all day can weaken the attachment to the wall if your not drilled into a stud.<br />the gates are really nice and stay locked easily keeping our one year old safe. our four year old can open and close them easy enough which can be a good or bad thing.
don't stay on as well as the ones straight from ameda.
"for my baby, i wish it went down in the front more. easily fixed with a bib, and i'm sure as he get's bigger it won't be a problem, but to make it perfect, it would come across the front just a tad more."
"i love these WubbaNub however they are only for 0-6 months, the product description doesnot specify that, but when the actual product comes, it will have a label of 0-6 months"
"At first it didn't seem like they glowed, but I finally realized that they need to be out in the light for awhile and then they will glow! Very useful in the middle of the night instead of blindly searching for the pacifier"
"These are so cute and I wanted my baby to like them, but she did not."
Hilarious and perfect for a few quick pictures. This is definitely not meant to be a &#34;go to&#34; paci but it was great few a few photoshoots and nights dressed up for special occasions! Is pretty good quality as well.
Cute and very handy however I was disappointed to find out that pacifier is permanently attached and cannot be replaced with own pacifier
My son broke the binky be off the animal. But wubbnubs are great for your child so it may have just been this one product
not as loud as expected but still works great
"works well - super hard to figure out how to close it, but once you get it (after watching the video 100x), then it's easy. also needs something (besides the baby) to weight it down so that it doesn't blow away. used at the pool and the beach."
fits perfectly beside our other convertible carseat... seems like my daughter is comfortable in it and she likes it so far!!
very soft
it came with all 4 suction cups plus foam stickers if i wanted to permanently attach it to the wall. my son hasn't used it as a potty yet....he thinks it's a soldier helmet and wears it on his head. :)
"we looked at other &#34;highly rated&#34; travel systems in this price range, & even ordered another one to start.  so happy we returned that other one & went with the bob.  the bearings & real tires make this roll extremely smoothly.  i even hung my wife's purse that feels like it's carrying a bowling ball off of the side of the motion stroller, & it tracked perfectly.  if you're wanting a stroller that works smoothly & easily, this one is worth the $$!"
made a great gift for my grandaughter
These seem to be the only ones my daughter likes. 6 weeks old and already picky.
"A nice, soft gumdrop meant for newborns - just like the kind you can get at the hospital. I was never able to find the soft ones locally, only online. THESE are those gumdrops. :)"
very small but cute
"My daughter loved the pacifier from the hospital, which is the same brand and style as the one listed. This is the one i ordered and it was the correct package, but the colors weren't the same as the picture. I received 2 pink pacifiers instead of the purple and pink. Still a great product either way, was just a little bummed about getting 2 of the same color."
Gave this to our cousin when we went to see her baby for the first time. She had heard of these little guys. We saw her a month later and her little guy LOVES it. :) Will be giving these to all the new babes arriving this year.
GOOD
good
"i love this. whenever i bring it out i get lots of compliments. i got it as a baby gift and don't know what i'd do without it. i have the aubrey pattern, the fabric is lightweight and breathable without being see through. it's big enough to cover everything when out and about, the whole shoulder your feeding from and part of the other.  just be careful in a breeze it does what all fabrics do. it is a little hard to adjust the neck one handed once baby is eating, so just make sure your comfortable with the neck before getting baby latched. i just ordered my sister the noah pattern, i hope she likes it as much as i've liked mine."
"Super cute! My 10 week old is just now starting to love her WubbaNub. She loves the Avent pacifier, but now is at an age where she is able to somewhat hold onto her little cow and find comfort while drifting off into a nap. In the coming weeks I will be purchasing one or two more. The only down side is cleaning the product. I have to put it in a lingerie mesh bag in the washer and then clean the pacifier without getting the little cow all wet and covered in dish soap."
Great!
Bought for my sister's newborn.  Good price and happy to find them in yellow.
ok
"Yes, the baby sucking only love, time is not long"
"Yes, the baby sucking only love, time is not long"
excellent product I recommend
"Yes, the baby sucking only love, time is not long"
ok
"I like these because they clean easy, no water gets trapped inside the nipple, my son didn't prefer them over the other kind though."
This is so cute.  Will see how the baby likes it once he is born.
Great gift.  THe mom and dad to be loved it.
My little girl loves her pacifier and with her being born not being able to latch very well the shape and quality of the nipples makes it easy for her and also strengthens the muscles she needs to latch correctly. Has made things very much easier for the both of us thank you.
My baby didn't take to the other avent binkies. And he has not exactly &#34;took&#34; to this binky yet but it's the only one he allows to be put in his mouth. And it's been the only pacifier that he's able to put in his own mouth at five months.
MAM is the only brand my daughter likes. In this picture you can clearly see that they are purple but I received pink ones. Pink ones that she already has. Just a minor let down. Favorite thing about these are the glow in the dark capability.
"We love Mam brand bottles, most natural for the baby. My only complaint is after 3 months the rubber insert at the bottom of the bottle has began to smell and rot away. No cleaning method has prevented this. Aside from that perfect, easy to take apart and wash and good enough price to replace when rubber rots."
love the style but the design on the blanket isn't very soft. they are a great light weight blanket for the summer though. a drawback is they are not to be dried. so you have to make the time to line/air dry them.
my son loves this toy. it is large so it is easy for him to grab.
awesome!!! only thing that's a negative is cleaning them.
cute and funny<br />my son loves it!!
very colorful cloth book w/ lots of exotic animals.  tough and durable-- should withstand toddlers easily.
thank too much nice item
works great. would like to see a quicker mounting process other than screwing the handle for a couple of minutes. but all in all a nice product
this monitor is great! the functions like the zoom/talking/music/temperature make it worth the money. the screen quality is not as good as other monitors i've used but it serves it's purpose.
"my son is 8 months old and while i haven't noticed a difference in his teething complaints, he doesn't seem to drool quite as much as he did before wearing the necklace. if i forget to put it on when he wakes up, the collar of his shirt is wet within 2 hours. so far, he's been wearing it for a month and hasn't tried to pull it off or play with it."
"these changing liners do the deed, but they're unnecessarily expensive in my opinion, for what is essentially cloth with a pvc backing.  also, they're supposed to be air dried, which is a hassle, but we've been putting them on the lowest dryer setting with no problems so far.  they have held up well to numerous washings, and do an excellent job keeping poop and pee off the changing pad cover."
"nice and soft, more comfortable than other washable pads.  they are great except for when you first start nursing and are leaking a lot.  they got wet and uncomfortable at first, but now that my baby is a month old and i am not leaking as much, they work great!"
"it was exactly what they wanted and we received it the day we were told,."
"pros: my twin's go to pacifier since birth (now 2yrs old). what's cool is that we got the monkey one for his twin brother.  having paci's like this means they know what belongs to who, they can't lose a paci as easily with their fav stuffed animal attached, and weaning just meant cutting the paci off while letting them still sleep with their stuffed frog/monkey.<br /><br />cons: if they chew tip of paci off, i either had to buy new frog paci altogether, or un-sew current chewed paci from frog, buy a new pack, and see back on."
"it is very comfortable and feels very safe.  my only complain is that it is hard to take off,  however that is what makes it safer. i am happy with the product and would recommend to others."
"works great! it appears in the photo that it has a pink trim. it didn't come with the pink trim. oh well, not a big deal overall. keeps my baby girl warm and safe at night."
it works well while my 2 year old is in the bed. a couple of times he has pulled on it while out of the bed and it pulls back and the bars underneath pop the mattress up. the strap holds it from coming off though. overall it has worked well so he doesn't fall out of his bed. i too am confused about why it is obviously made to fit a convertible crib but the warning on the label says to only use it with an adult bed. i'm assuming a mistake in labeling the product?
"i really liked this, because it has helped my kids feel bigger. they enjoyed being able to use the seat belt adjuster, because the seat belt is no longer on there face or right up against there neck. the only down fall is that the buttons don't hold up very long. but we stitched some velcro on there, and it's still working and doing its purpose with keeping my kids safe."
"i wish they were easier to clean, but they work great and they are far better than any of the other brands.  i use these for my almost two year old with oral aversions.  we give him them frequently with ice or other frozen food in it, to keep him chewing on things with different favors.  as a baby, he rejected solids until almost 18 months, so this was how we got him to eat."
"buti bags are so-so, but customer service deserved 4 stars.  seller sent me replacements bags even without my requesting them.  will see how long these new version buti bags last.<br /><br />my prior sept 7, 2014 review:<br /><br />zipper easily broke and can't be fixed.  ours has the metal zipper version.  useless -- you are better off saving your money and just using a ziploc bag."
"good size for 2 year old. in ca with the drought, my tub uses about 40 gallons to get to even a 4&#34; depth-not practical for a nightly bath. this uses maybe 4 gallons to be nice and deep for him.  the suction cup seems to work fine on the shower stall wall, although i just store this inflated and upside down in the empty tub when we're done.  so far it's been great. the only reason i'm not giving 5 stars is that the inflator valve on the bottom won't push in flush. according to the directions it should, so i chalk it up to a defect in this particular tub. a little disappointing, but since it doesn't seem to affect the use i'm opting to keep it and not bother with an exchange hassle."
works well for our 9 month old
nice size for pre schooler age 3-4.
My daughter really enjoys these. Something about them - above and beyond any other pacifier - really appeals to her. She can go from screaming to instantly happy. Every other type of pacifier gets spit out.
"Baby loves it.  This is the only bottle he will take and we immediately noticed a big difference in his gassiness and fussiness.  My favorite &#34;Mom&#34; feature is the bottom screws off for easy popping it into the dishwasher.  The only downside is that unless you screw it on exactly right, it has great potential to leak, and costs one star.  The pacifiers are great as they are smaller than regular pacifiers and perfect for the new babies."
"I ordered an elephant, but there was a caterpillar in the box ( even the label on the box stated it was an elephant) But my daughter loved it so I didn't return it. Besides the mix up with packaging, its a nice product."
"I love this little guy. It makes it so much easier for my son to not lose the binki every 2 minutes. I thought it would be bigger, but that may be my fault for not reading the fine print. It would be nice if they were a little bigger. My son was a preemie so it's perfect for him, but bigger babies might have trouble. We already used the Avent Soothies so it's perfect. My only other complaint is that it's not removable for cleaning, replacing, etc. otherwise it's the perfect solution to binki problems!"
its cute but at the end of the day it kind of is what it is. and if you are looking for a hammock to put your stuffed animals in... well then you've looking at the right thing.
nice and works
"fit my divinci mini crib 5&#34; 50 coil spring mattress perfectly. i was nervous since some reviews said it didn't fit their mattress, but i certainly didn't find that to be the case. baby hasn't yet arrived so i can't give it 5 stars yet until i can test and see how truly waterproof it is. but on 1st impressions, fit, and quality - i'm already a happy camper."
"did a lot of research.  finally settle on caboose too ultralight for the extra seat option.  i generally like the stroller; however, the back seat when put in leaves very little room for my older son's legs.  he's on the smaller side and it's like being in worst than coach on a plane.  i'll have to switch him to the front seat, but now his younger brother won't be able to see front; whereas they both could see before because my older son could see over the front seat.  not huge, but less ideal.<br /><br />also, the back bench really is not that comfortable for my son when he uses it.  he really has to hunch over even when the front seat is not reclined.  i knew he would not be sitting straight up, but he has to hunch more than i expected.<br /><br />i give this stroller a b.  it's a very good option for what's out there, unless you want to really pay up for the varylight.  but that doesn't come with the extra seat option."
"these are great but maybe only for a short time.  my little one transitioned quickly from the bottle to a regular cup.  we think it was largely thanks to these.  we bought one, and it worked so well giving baby something to hold and work like a cup without making a mess, we ordered 2 more to always have a clean one.  after only a couple weeks, baby had it down so well, the valve on these slowed the flow to where it was a hindrance.  never got much use out of having 3.  definitely buy these to help transition to cups, but you only need one or two to get there."
"Although the Wubbanub is not foolproof, it's definitely a huge help in keeping a pacifier in my daughter's mouth, especially as she is falling asleep. My only complaint is that the pacifier cannot be removed from the stuffed animal. So, when my daughter had thrush and we were needing to sterilize pacifiers and nipples everyday, the Wubbanub was out of commission. Overall, a great help and well worth the money."
"I love these things! My only complaint is that they are pretty small. Around 6 or 7 in tops, w/out the binki. My son was a preemie so it's perfect for him, not to mention we love the Avent Soothies so it's perfect. I also wish there was a way to take it apart to clean it, but hey, you can't have it all. Over a all it recommend these to every parent! It makes it easier for them to hold it themselves."
Loved it.
I had a home water birth and did not receive these from a hospital.  I waited until my baby was six weeks old to introduce these and they have been great for keeping him calm in the car when I can't pop a boobie in his mouth. They don't interfere with breastfeeding - he knows the difference.
"My son has really been enjoying his WubbaNub. While the toy is smaller than expected, the small stuffed animal and sturdy attachment of the soothie (sewn taught, not dangling) allows a small child to be able to maneuver the paci into his own mouth from a young age. My  3-month old is not a huge paci-lover, but also enjoys cuddling with the puppy as he soothes himself with the paci.<br /><br />We have washed the paci in the washing machine and it held up just fine. Only con: I do wish that the paci portion was removable so that it could be sterilized or washed without getting any of the animal wet."
better than most other slow flow nipples
"loved the high quality and durability. only reason did not get a five is the pink sort of gets dirty easily (as if not easy with a new born), and very difficult to clean. overall, a great product, just the light pink color shows stains easily."
I loved the design for girls.
"good, but this time monkey has ears attached asymmetrically."
"I'm very happy with the product,"
lovely...
mine was solid white and it seems to be pretty good. it has a high back splash which is great for boys but the seat of the potty is pretty small.
Lovely...
this item is very helpful it help me organize my baby's things in the car
"one panel was damaged and took awhile to get a replacement, but after 3 phone calls to the manufacturer, it was sent to me. nice crib."
"relatively easy to install and use.  make sure adults all know where the locks are as key often needs to be right on location to work.  we use had a 10% failure rate - one lock in ten  could not be made to work, was broken or had another problem.  this was based on using all the locks from three 8 lock sets.  like that locks can be turned on and off by flipping switch."
---------------------------<br />verdict: buy<br />---------------------------<br />this product works as it should. gives me great visibility of my little tyke in the backseat in a rear facing car seat. the only drawback is the fact that the mirror size 
size is ok. cute shape. material might not be soft enough for kids.
"when i got this in the mail i was shocked to see how small the beads were.  however, i have pulled on it to try to get the beads off as i was concerned about a choking hazard, and it does hold up.  i haven't been able to break it yet!  i also like the clasp-it's almost \\hidden\\ as it is covered by a bead.  it's a great feature for jewelry.  that said, the instructions do advise against allowing infants to chew or mouth the bracelet.  that said, i won't be using this as a teether, but as a bracelet for my niece.  the colors are perfect for fall, and i know she'll love it."
"works very well, fits most places. you may tire of the chore if you need to install and remove the gate every day.<br /><br />the first time i ordered it, it said delivered but wasn't at my front door. i actually suspect it was stolen. anyways, they replaced the item with no fuss."
we love this crib! it does take some time to assemble but it looks great when done. all the predrilled holes lined up nicely.<br /><br />the reason to knock off one star is because we had two barrel nuts that were stripping the bolts. we really needed to use the crib so i was able to find a 4 pack of the right size from the hd down the street. we did not want to return the crib for two little nuts. we got the cherry and i would say it's on the slightly darker side for a cherry which was good because we wanted it to match our bedroom furniture.
i really like these but i prefer the spoons over the forks. the forks are a little dull so my daughter has a hard time picking up her food. the spoons are nice and deep so they can pick up more than her infant spoons did. we've been using these for almost a year and they still look brand new.
"I wish wubbanubs weren't so pricy. Avent soothies on Amazon are under $2 a piece, ans the stuffed animal can't possibly cost much, but they charge nearly $15 to sew them together. That being said, my baby loves her soothies, this is easy to find if it falls or is dark, and it's cute. It seems to keep the paci in her mouth a little better. It minorly interferes with breastfeeding; if my baby suckles on this a long time, she'll chew on my nipple a couple times before latching like normal, so wait to introduce this until the baby is a pro at latching. Overall, I am happy to have this, but if something happens to mine, I may just sew my own."
Satisfied
"these are easy to move from one vehicle to another if needed.  although they are typically used for leather seats, they also will help reduce indentions on fabric cushions. they seem to be of good quality, nice and thick. i do have one complaint, the position of our latch system for the car-seats causes the straps to press down on the backside, so any liquid spilled or otherwise on the mat, runs back over the bent area, and onto my seat cushions."
great if it fits your doorway! i lived in an older home and it wasn't wide enough to fit.
"loved it, daughter- n-law very happy!"
Perfect!!!!
Perfect!
Good
doesn't stick to the tray on his high chair
"great car seat or diaper bag toy since it squishes up and is washable! my babies liked two parts best--the crackly middle and the dark blue rubbery tip. it's cute and the different textures give babies something to investigate. unfortunately mine liked it a lot for a short time and then quickly lost interest. as far as teething goes, they've preferred the vulli sophie and a cheap nuby massaging ring to this cute blanket."
"very good quality material.    might be nice to have snaps so that you don't have to take your child's pants, socks, and shoes off every time you want to change him/her.    recently we purchase a larger size from another manufacturer that does have snaps.  it's much easier to change our son now.    our son has grown faster than other kids his age and these are a bit tight on him.  so if your child is above average in size these may be a little tight."
my daughter loves this. does not stick easily to her plastic tray though.
"these labels have survived 3 months of daily washing so far.  very pleased with the quality, but seems a little pricey for what they are."
keeps baby occupied when he's in his carseat in the car which is very nice but he doesn't like it in other settings.
very nice play yard/ bed for my granddaughter鈥?but it is hard to close鈥?we have yet to get the hang of it. i ordered a mattress and sheets extra to make a nice overnight bed..
"as an aunt of seventeen, and a child caretaker for the last eight years, i'm very picky person when it comes to what goes into a babies mouth. and boy i wish i had found something like this a long time ago. not only is it pretty, but it goes with any out fit, and on either a boy or a girl. its sturdy, and durable, so you don't have to worry about it breaking and letting the beads loose. i was a little concerned about the fact that it does not stretch. but neither do i let the infant currently in my care to wear it where that would be an issue.<br /><br />over all an excellent product that i would trust with any and all of the children i've ever cared for. in fact i plan to use it with my own children"
"i don't use this as much as i should, but it works well, especially when i had a tinier baby. i never needed to wash my changing pad cover because i'd have 2 pads on top of it. sometimes, with liquidy poop, you never know!<br /><br />not a baby must have, but nice to have.<br /><br />the pads clean up easily in the washing machine and dry quickly."
It would be better if you could choose your color. Didn't like that I got pink for my little boy. But love the brand- best pacifiers out there.
All good just as described.
"As a newborn, my daughter (breastfeeding) did not take to this pacifier (we were warned of nippple confusion, etc, but this wasn't/isn't a problem for our kiddo). For her first month, she took to the MOM brand pacifier for newborns. However, after about a month, she took to it very well and loves it now. She is 3 months and still breastfeeds very well and takes this pacifier too."
"Before purchasing, I read other reviews. I have now used both products on my 3 month old daughter. The thermometer works great, and is very easy to use. I confirmed the temperature reading with two other thermometers (both used under the arm), and had the same reading on all three. The medicine dispenser works as other reviewers say - the hole opening for the liquid is bigger and is a straight hole from the liquid to the pacifier's end. The pacifier is hard plastic, not soft like a typical pacifier. Your child won't be able to gently suck the medicine out - it will drain out into his mouth. This wasn't a problem (choking or otherwise) for my 3M daughter as she doesn't choke easily and usually nurses quickly."
"Both my kids loved MAM pacifiers as newborns. Unfortunately, my 3 month old didn't like these as much because they are latex, not the silicone that she is used to (I did not read description clearly). The pacifier was softer and slippery and just kept slipping out of her mouth. She fussed until I gave her a silicone one again (then she fell right to sleep).<br /><br />I still love MAM pacifiers. This one just didn't work for us."
"I absolutely love it for my son! He loves it as well. The nipple is perfect just like the one given at the hospital, easy too clean! Bought two one to go out and one for home! 馃憤馃榿"
Great game. Everyone enjoyed it.
Awesome
"These haven't even delivered yet...but I was given some of these when I had my baby and love love love them.  The only improvement that I could think of is I wish it were easier to attach to a pacifier clip (the strings that clip onto the babe)...it only has those small holes that you can thread through - but still worth it, you just need to make sure your clip has a small loop that can fit through.<br /><br />In other news, the glow lasts all night so when your bub loses his soother he can find it in the night (and so can you).  My baby loves it, and they stay in much better than other binkies because they have a little bulb on the end that make it easy to suck so they don't pop out."
"My baby is tongue tied and so from reading the reviews, it seem that this pacifier would work best with him.  He does take this pacifier a lot easier than any other pacifier.  However, we soon found out that he just does not like pacifier.  The only bad thing I found from this pacifier is that water will get stuck in it.  So I just make sure to squeeze the nipple part fast and hard a few times after washing and that will help get rid of some water.  It does eventually dry up but this does make me worry about mold and bacteria but because my baby hardly uses it at all, I'm not too concern."
"the sound quality isn't all that great but my son loves it. he was 9 months old and refused to nap in his crib. we showed him how to push the button once and he was off and running. he instantly went in for naps because of it and turns it on first thing every morning. sometimes i wake up in the night and hear it playing. it keeps him calm and happy , we love that!"
helps keep my daughter from getting her limbs stuck in the rails at night.  therefore she doesn't cry.  fairly good material and at first was going to get a perfect review until a new development started.  my daughter can pull herself up standing and often times grabs this and pulls it hard.  the velcro attaching system could be better so that she can't move it so easily.  luckily they have the ties for the rails or this would become useless.
great
cute
easy to use -- works well
"i chose this baby carrier because of it's versatility and the good reviews i had read, and here's what i have found after two months of using this carrier:<br /><br />the pros:<br />- it's comfortable to wear<br />- it looks great<br />- it's good quality<br />- no inserts needed<br />- it's versatile/four positions to carry your baby<br /><br />the cons:<br /> - when you open the shoulder straps and let them hang down in front of you while strapping in your baby or getting your baby out of the carrier, the straps touch the ground because they are so long, even if you shorten the end of the straps all the way. maybe taller people won't have this problem, but at 5'4&#34; i certainly do.  it's annoying because i end up having to wash this carrier more often than i would like because it keeps touching the ground.<br />- the hood doesn't provide as much coverage as the ergobaby, so i end up having to use a small blanket in addition to the hood to shield my three-and-a half month old from the sun and rain<br />- there's no pockets to store anything<br />- although the material is of good quality, it's bulkier and doesn't fold up and store as easily as a simple cloth baby carrier<br />- the material is very thick, so during the summer, this carrier often gets too hot to use<br /><br />overall i'm very satisfied with this baby carrier, but i often wonder if i should have chosen a ergobaby instead because it seems more practical in many ways, and they're about the same price."
was perfect for my 9 month old grandson.  suction cups worked well.
"everything was as expected. however the front looked like it was going to be fabric and stitched, this was not the case was actually a print. but still cute."
"the bottles arrived in a timely manner. the nipples, even though they say slow flow are fast. and one of the nipples doesn't seat properly on the bottle causin it to leak. luckily, it is a universal size and other nipples we already had fit onto the bottles."
worked well for awhile.  she stopped getting tricked that she was taking medicine and wouldn't drink from the paci around 6 months.  before that this thing was awesome.
hilarious! i gave this to my brother for his son and its really funny.
Love
"These binky's are a little pricey if u ask me , but def cute !"
"this crib is very nice-- assembly was actually pretty easy (as long as you have someone to help you out) and instructions were very clear.<br /><br />it looks very true to picture, maybe a little bit darker in color (somewhere between cherry and espresso, maybe?). we have not put our baby girl in it yet but the size and color of it, as well as the super fast delivery were all fantastic. we also got it on sale so price was amazing!! a convertible full sized fixed side crib for the price we got?! great deal! would recommend for everyone"
"i put baby in it for the first time today and she loved it. she liked the toys and the noises, so different from her standard door way jumper. however, most of the toys face outwards and she can't reach the two hanging ( she is pretty tall at six months ). also the leg holes in the seat are barely big enough, she has large thighs. she can't turn the seat around, but i'm sure it will loosen up with more use. the only other problem is the &#34;chew&#34; toy won't stand up at all. it lays down over the edge and she doesn't even know it's there. it's a good product and it could be great if they would only fix the problem with the toys."
"i really like planet wise products. i own several of them. this wet bag is perfect for cloth diapering, keeps smells and wetness in beautifully. the design is super cool. the only complaint i have is i wish the inside material was tacked securely inside the bag. when i wash the bag the liner always flips out and it's a bit of an annoyance to try to stuff it back in. it's not difficult or anything just more of an annoying thing. i'm sure it's so it will dry quicker so it's not a huge ding."
so far it's ok except for a loud squeak we haven't been able to get rid if. other than that it's great value for the price!
Great Tuesday. Our child has an easy time keeping the soothie in her mouth She also likes the soft stuffed animal portion of it.
"They are good pacifiers and the shape is very practical I feel. It doesnt press on the babies nose, chin or cheeks. Its a good product. I give it four stars because it doesnt really glow in the dark, It glows for may 5 mins after you turn off the lights and then its a regular pacifier. Because of the transparent color it really gets very difficult to find it at night when the baby wakes up crying and there is just minimal light in the room. It is easy to sterilize, I just  throw it in with the bottles when I steam sterilize them."
It was great
I'm granddaughter loves her new wubbanub
the babies love this
"Works well, easy to clean and sterilize."
"These are my newborn's favorite pacifier. The price here is good, but you do not get to pick the color<br /><br />Out of 6 pacifiers I ordered, 4 had fluorescent pink on them. Oops. At least the price was right.<br /><br />So if you care what color to get, probably don't order them here. If you just want it to be pacifier to help your newborn sleep regardless of style and color, this is probably a great place to order them."
Construction and design are great. Super cute. My baby doesn't seem to care for a pacifier but that isn't the fault of wubanub which is why I put 4 stars. I knew going in that it may fail for us be ause ate doesn't love the hospital one either and this looks identical.
"When my daughter was a newborn I tried every kind of binky, including this one, but she just wasn't interested. Now she is 9.5 months and just got her first tooth and while teething I tried all the binkies again and this is the one she chose. I like that the whole thing is silicone because even if she puts it in her mouth wrong she can still chew on it."
"son liked it, second to MAM.<br />However, it was pretty big for his tiny face"
My son loves these and the elephant is too cute!
loved the product.  did not like that the 'product dimensions 2.8 x 10.8 x 10 inches' list on the site was the box that it came in and not the actual size of the piece. bank was closer to 6.5h x 9.75l x 2.25w. happy with product but think the dimensions listed is misleading.
"my daughter loves it, however i thought it was going to be a little bit bigger. it's nice though"
"i ordered this for my 6 month old daughter.  i was hoping to find a miswivel to match the one my 2.5 year old has that i love, but it seems to be discontinued and this was the closest thing i could find.  i like the straps that go over the shoulders, the washable seat pad and the easy-to-clean plastic chair that doesn't have a lot of nooks and crannies for food to get stuck in.  my biggest complaint is that the tray seems much flimsier than its predecessor, especially where it attaches to the chair, and that it's not as large.  otherwise, i like it pretty well and i would recommend it."
"This was an awesome buy. It is perfectly sized for my changing table and I love the contoured sides, they offer extra security for young babies. My baby isn't at the point of needing to use the safety straps but I appreciate them being there for use later when he gets wiggly."
Exactly as described
Great gift idea for a baby shower
Good but would be nice if it had come with individual caps.
very cute !
"This was the perfect addition to my son's Harley rider Halloween costume when he was about 18 months old. It was adorable and really completed the outfit. However, the actual binky part is pretty small. It wasn't an accurate size for an 18 month old, but it still worked great! Super cute and got lots and lots of wonderful compliments about it!"
"This style of pacifier are the only ones that my son will take- I like them, but I wish that they made them just a little bit longer like they used to be.  They work great when younger, but as they get a little bit older my son did not seem to like the shorter ones as much."
Cute
"baby loves to grab onto these and chew, better as teethers then as a nighttime pacifier.  Love how you can get into the nipple to clean,"
Great product--strongly recommend!!
"These are great.  My first child loved this brand/type of binky.  However, my 2nd is not a big fan.  She had a bit of trouble keeping the tip in her mouth."
awesome
these pajamas fit well and my daughter says the racer back fit makes it extra comfortible for sleeping. the pattern and colors are very nice. this is defiantly a good buy.
"they are ok,im sure the more expencive ones are more softer than this,but for the price the softness is more than u can expect"
didn't try them yet but the material is really thin and yes they should be best for summer.this are huge btw
i really like to patterns and colors. although the dino diaper is really more of a light brown which is fine but the picture makes it look white or at least i think so. they fit my 12lb 24in baby boy well on the smallest setting both in rise and in waist. i don't think this could ever fit a 7 or 8lb newborn but it works well for us. the only thing i really didn't like about this brand is it can leave red marks on baby's legs because the elastic is small but other wise its good.
"this is a decent swing for the price. we didn't want something that would take up a lot of real estate on the floor and this fits the requirements fine. it takes c batteries but for the amount it will be used (probably about 2 months) it's not a big deal. there is no real padding between the seat cover and the hard plastic bucket swing seat. so i just folded up a baby blanket for some extra cushioning. the plastic monkey on top is pointless and hard molded plastic, thankfully it can be swung to the side and out of the way. i'll probably just remove it and put a real rattle to entertain baby. our baby is 9 weeks old, 12 lbs and 22 inches long and baby's feet are already near the edge. we'll see how much longer baby fits. i will say the ability to relax while baby swings and is currently sleeping is worth every penny!"
great thanks
this is a very cute owl!!!! i would buy it again!!!
Baby seems like these more than the gummies.
our little one will be here soon. so far after playing with the monitor the screen view is great and night vision is good just a little grainy. the killing function is awesome and the range is great for us. only downfall i have found so far is there really aren't clear instructions for use beyond installation.
"i am happy with my purchase of the giant ruler for charting my young families heights.  unfortunately it's not quiet tall enough for my family since it's stops at 6'6&#34;.  the wood is in good condition & has a nice look to it.  so much that it's a shame that we are marking it up with pens & pencils writings.  i do wish there was a variety of sizes to choose from.  6'6&#34; is pretty short for any scandinavian family, which measuring heights is a big deal."
"just received this the other day and my 7 month old loves it!!!  i read some reviews stating it was too small but just perfect for her size.  the only reason i left off 1 star is because the bow on the cows head is a little loose and worries me, i will have to put a few stitches in it.  other than that i love it.  will definitely order from this company again."
"delivery of products by amazon has never been a problem, and this was the same!  installation was quite easy even my 2yr old could've done it. now i am able to see my petite daughter in a car seat w/o adjusting the mirror.  note: after you've found the optimal angle, it takes a bit of getting use to since the perspective is quite different than the smaller original mirror.  now i am able to see much more of my rogue interior than before. so far, it's serving its purpose and all's well."
"after a couple of times, crooked to one side but our son loved it. he s 2 months now (24 inches, 14 lbs) still using for day nap."
great thanks
this is the cup my toddler prefers. it's really the only one he will consistently use. the nipples wear out after awhile... once they start chewing on it it will only last a month or two. i keep ordering more as he rejects all others.
"Given as a gift to my new granddaughter.  Parents are keeping them for use later as she is very tiny, but the soothers appears to be good quality and safe materials."
its v cute!
"Our LO hated all pacifiers but for whatever the reason he took to this one.  I have other Soothies but he loves his WbbaNub best! He was able to to grasp him at 3 weeks and the puppy stayed put on his chest while he slept in the swing or in his bouncer.  My only complaint is that he pacifier doesn't detach.  Cleaning hasn't been an issue...I've run it through the dishwasher and washing machine and it's held up nicely.  It would be nice to change out the pacifier for a different type/age range.  Other than that, it's perfect!"
This was a gift for a gender reveal party.  The men at the party loved it and the dad is planning on making his baby use it all the time.  Definitely was one of the most unique and hilarious gifts to give.  You stand out as a gift-giver.
It was a gift for a baby shower.  Everyone thought it was really cute.  Will have to wait and see if it keeps the baby happy.
"The nipple length is a little to long for newborns, it causes a gag. I'm sure its great for 3+ months."
good item... but my daughter does not bite...
"love it, but should have gotten the leather one, so much easier to clean and cooler in summer"
i absolutely love this! it's perfect for swaddling my preemie at night and at naps. our house is very cold with the central air running in the summer and it's cool in the winter as well. as long as the baby is in cool temps this works great. regular room temp will probably overheat the baby. i would recommend the cotton halo for older babies. my preemie had difficulty keeping her body temp up so this was perfect. i will be buying more as she grows.
love this stroller .
"i got this last year around my daughter's first birthday after researching lots of other clay/plaster kits to make handprints with and i chose this one. i'm so glad i did! the best thing about this kit is that there is no mixing like with the plaster kits and all you have to do is take the clay out of the foil package and knead it really well with your hands, flatten it out with the included roller into the tray, press your child's hand/foot in, and let it harden. i love the concept of this and it makes a great gift and keepsake. there are 2 spots for clay prints so i did a hand and footprint and put a nice photo of my daughter in the center. i used gel fabric pens in several colors  to write her first and middle name on one print and her age and date on the other. the frame was very easy to hang and looks great in the living room.<br /><br />as much as i love this kit and it was so easy to use, there are a few things i was a little disappointed in. first, the package says you can use a 5x7 photo but the slot for the photo is smaller than a 5x7, so be prepared to trim your photo. also, you have to press the print very hard into the clay because the clay is stiff. luckily, if you don't get a good print the first time, you can re-roll the clay and do it again. lastly, i don't like that after you do the prints, the clay gets wrinkles all in it, so you have to wet your fingertips and try to smooth it out, but you won't be able to get them all out. you won't be able to really see them too much once it's hanging on the wall.<br /><br />despite its minor shortcomings, this is still the best kit i've used and highly recommend it!"
"i personally like it, but my son not so much.  the only part that he'll have anything to do with is one of the detachable hanging toys."
nice
great
"MAM products are high quality, and suitable for babies."
"got it today. the only reason i didn't give it five stars because the packaging was dirty. after taking it out and touching the mattress it got smudge marks on it, but it wipes clean. fits our eddie bauer playard great and it's really soft."
the straws are kind of hard to suck from and get water out but my son still loves them and they don't squirt water out every time the straw pops out like other cups i have tried do
"She loves the toy/pacifier.  One of the seams in the cow's foot where beads are housed started opening a few weeks after my baby started using the wubbanub.  I was able to stitch it back up, but I am nervous about the beads coming out..."
My baby is a big &#34;fan&#34; of it...but it brokes too fast after he has teeth
We love these pacifiers. My son holds onto them easier without dropping out of his mouth. My only complaint is that the paint starts scratching off after the first use! The cute little pictures look beat up and trashy. If they would address this issue I would give it 5 stars.
Great idea. My daughter holds onto it as she sucks the pacifier. She is learning to pull it out but then also put it back in her mouth. It would be good to have the pacifier detachable to be able to put different sizes on it but that's not a major issue.
"i've only had this product for 3 days so far (hence why only 4 stars), but my son is taking to it very well. his 2 year old molars are cutting through, and before using the necklace, he wasn't eating much because everything hurt. 100% turn around and everyone compliments how &#34;cool&#34; his necklace looks on him."
"My daughter really likes these. The latex is soft, and has grips for her tongue. The only thing I do not like is how the plastic shield marks her face. If these had softer shield, they would be perfect."
"I love the idea of this product, specially this little lamb WubbaNup. I know a lot of babies like these. Mine seems she has a big tongue so she is always spitting it out. Overall I recommend this product to other mommies who uses pacifiers."
These are the best for infants who use pacifiers! Our 2-month old already holds onto the stuffed animal while she sucks away. It also makes it easier for her find again if the pacifier falls out of her mouth. Not to mention they are adorable!
These work great. Minus one star because they are transparent and pretty much invisible so they get lost easily. I'm going to buy fluorescent ones again if I can find them
"We interchange the smaller size and larger ones, our little one (now 10 months) doesn't seem to mind. These were great to have a couple of spares in the car/diaper bag for emergencies. Only complaint is that when I put them in the dishwasher, water gets into the nipple, can't figure out how to dry them out completely, seems a bit unsanitary to me."
"The product arrived exactly as described. I am unsure of the qualifications of the use of the product, as it was bought as a gift. The shipping was more expensive than anticipated, but otherwise I am pleased with the product."
Was looking for a zebra and pink print &#34;binky&#34;.  This one actually is more light gray and white rather than black and white but it suited my purposes.  Just thought I should point it out.
My baby love it and he likes to play with this little thing before he goes to sleep. It's good.
"Elephant wubbanub is super cute!  We also have a frog one.  Our son is 4mths old and just learning to hold the wubbanub in his mouth.  The elephant doesn't lay as flat to his body and the floppy ears draw the attention of his hands, so he pulls/drops the elephant more often than the frog."
"The shape makes it easy for our baby to keep it in his mouth. Sanitizer case is convenient. Only dislike is water can get inside the nipple, however, easy to squeeze out."
"It really depends if your baby will take to this specific paci. My daughter did not care for it too much, she like the Nuk Brand ones. I wish Wubbanub would make these with a removable paci for easier cleaning or choosing your own paci. This is the only reason why i give it 4 stars."
The best pacifier I have ever used for both my children! They don't mark baby's face like the traditional pacifiers.
It will be almost the end for pacifier use for us :). I have written on a previous review that the shape is not the the best for my baby nose as it leaves an indentation right at the base of the nose. If the curve of the pacifier will be slightly lower that will solve the problem. Overall baby liked this kind and I did too mainly for being natural and soft. I never had to worry if baby will get hurt having this pacifier due to the material it is made of.
Very cute pacifer.my daughter loves her wubby it's very easy for her to find and pickup.easy to wash and holds up to cleaning.
These pacifiers are my baby's comfort. He loves them and they are his go-to for beddie-bye time. The only problem is they get lost pretty easily as they blend in so well.
"Whoever invented the concept of the glow in the dark pacifier deserves a prize.  These are a life saver, and glow pretty well, making them relatively easy to find in the bed in the middle of the night."
It's one of the few paci that my son will take and for the most part he is able to keep it in his mouth. This nightime paci's selling point is that it glows in the dark so you are easily able to see it -but thats not really the case. The glow is weak at best. So if you are buying for that feature I really wouldn't bother.
"Daughter loves chewing on the toy more than sucking on pacifier. Havent used this one yet, but she likes her dinosaur one.  easy to wash. Must wash by hand."
"I really love these pacifiers and amazon really sells them at a great price.  For the little ones that seem to want to drink milk forever, this is a great alternative for them to try."
"so happy decided to get this. it is so nice to see what our baby is doing during the night.  we love it.  the battery life is not that good, but this does not bother us.  we mostly use it at night and it is easy to keep it plugged in. i would recommend it to any parent who's little one is on the move and wants to be able to see their little one with out going into the room for every noise."
"i've only used this once today, so i can't review this for longevity purposes. however, my daughter did sleep 3 hours in this during naptime today which was fabulous! who knows if it was this play yard or something else.<br /><br />first, i have a graco p&p with the bassinet for her now at home. i was really concerned in using one without since it seemed so far down, but it really isn't. my lo is 3.5 months and she did just fine without it, so this play yard would be fine for even the smallest of littles.<br /><br />i have a quilted cotton top sheet for the mattress thing since they tend to be very hard. it does just fine. baby beds are not meant to be soft and cozy due to suffocation risk.<br /><br />my only beef with it is that it sure doesn't have the easy fold buttons like a graco. i embarrassingly had to bring this thing nearly all put together downstairs and had to have the mom i nanny for attempt to help me fold it up. we finally figured out you had to push a button underneath the plastic pieces on the side to get the sides to fold. even then, i couldn't get the thing to fold properly so i shoved the jumbled mess into my trunk. i hope i can figure it out tomorrow and store it back in my home. for the issues with tearing it down, i take away a star.<br /><br />for the family on a budget, this is a good travel option. i would not use this as a daily bed for a child."
"this is a good, solid straw cup. it is a basic, no frills cup.  the straw detatches from the cup for easy washing.  my daughter has not quite developed the ability to hold a cup well without handles so we don't use these as much as i thought we would. the colors are fun and they are a good solid plastic that gave held up to many slams into the floor. it tends to leak a bit when she turns it upside down.  when she gets to the point where she can hold cups better and doesn't turn everything upside down i may give these another try. for now, they are getting packed up."
"this is the 3rd one i ordered.  and while i like it the color seems to be much much darker, even black.  that is the only thing i don't like about it."
"i have very limited time to express while i'm at work.  i love that this product zips up so quickly, and that breast shields can easily be  put in or taken out.<br /><br />the only thing i wish was different is that it is a hand-wash only item.  i would have given five stars if it was machine washable."
"as others have said, it's a sturdy, cheap (in price) carseat that works just fine. we use it as the extra for my husband's car and haven't had problems, except for getting the straps twisted around. but that's my husband's fault thought for not being able to look at the buckles, before twisting them around a million times."
i actually thought the stars would be bright like picture shown. but they are very very light. not what i was expecting.
We were given some of these in the hospital and so far are the favored pacifier. Only downside is I've only been able to use clips that involve string. There isn't a loop system on these like many other pacifiers.
"These generally work fairly well (I've got 4 nieces and a nephew that all used them with no issues) they just didn't stick for my baby. She prefers suckling her fist, so they didn't really help me personally, but these are still good binkies."
"I love see this on my niece. But the nipple is very long. So long that it gags her. only used for a couple of pictures, but worth the laugh!"
"I love this pacifiers... I hace three kids, And i have use this kind of pacifier with the three, i really recomend this product"
This item shows the back of the pacifier as turquoise with a black stripe in the middle.  The item I received was all black.  I actually like the coloring I received better than the picture but because it was advertised incorrectly I cannot give 5 stars.<br /><br />Pictures on the web site should match EXACTLY as the product recieved or consumer confident wanes.<br /><br />Otherwise I was very pleased with the price and the shipping time.
This products works good and fine for storage of pacifiers. It would be better if they have more and new designs or types.
These pacifiers are really good. The design is perfect and they work vere well. My baby is happy with these pacifiers.
"Purchased these for my daughter for fun. She really likes them. Although I did notice that after about 6 months, one of the three pacifiers started to get a little mold growth. I hand wash them daily and let them air dry."
My daughter loves it would of been nice if the pacifier would come off to wash it or boil to sanitize but other than that love it...
"I love the avent passes, but I didn't realize that it was vary in colors. I now have a purple passy for my son. Oh well, it's not the end of the world, but I would have rather the vary in color be gender neutral."
but this specific one is just ok. Seems like food gets easily stuck in the side holes. We prefer the MAM air or MAM perfect.
The feet are bean bags which helps keep the WubbaNub in place.  The Giraffe body is longer which is more useful in propping a bottle if needed.
IT arrived one day earlier than scheduled; which was nice.  It is as cute as it was in the picture.  However the &#34;Daddy's Girl&#34; could be stamped a little darker.  It looks like it is a little faded.
None available.
We love these binkies. Neither of my children took them from the start they preferred other types. But I really liked the one piece design....over protective mom alert. So I kept trying these and got my kiddos to switch. Now we have happy mommy and baby
I got a silver and green one so gender neutral colors. My pediatrician recommended and this is the one that worked for my daughter.I didn't mind what color I had gotten. This is also my first kid. We had to train her to take it.
fun gift - with today's photo world - we have so many photos -  you could fill many of them. one is enough for the one-year-old.
"this product works as described, but they are an added step that sometimes with a baby are not practical. i will probably use them as my daughter (6months) gets older and can be more trusted to hold her bottle."
"i love halo sleepsacks (we've used the swaddle ones and then upgraded to the sack-only ones).  the design on this blanket is super cute and gender neutral.  i only wish the material was a little bit thicker (i.e. warmer).  we have a fleece halo sleepsack which is too warm for summer, but i feel this regular one might be too thin."
"When the little one starts standing up in their crib, they'll tend to do two things 1. bump their heads against the railing (ouch!) and bite/lick the railing. There's a range of products to help address this that fall into either slightly padded fabric type cover and some kind of foam/silicon based bumper. We didn't feel comfortable with baby biting synthetic materials so this cover while thin provides some bump protection but we feel much better about her possibly chewing at cloth than other materials. The good news is that bumper protection is only needed for so long until they develop stronger legs and grip to prevent themselves from bumping onto the railing."
i mainly use the lunchbox meals containers for my kids but they leak so i needed a supplement for days whe i want to send them off with liquids. this box is a little futzy and all the individual pieces mean more to clean but i love being able to send soups and yogurts to daycare with my son. he is too little to deal with opening it himself so that isn't an issue for us. my 3year old can get everything open but has a hard time putting all the pieces back together on her own. it does exactly what i wanted and  i am happy overall.
keeps both the sun and bugs out. could be a bit bigger but still fit the chicco keyfit 30 pretty well.
"we bought this to keep a clever kitty cat from getting into places he wasn't allowed. it works perfectly for that purpose. we've had it up for more than a month & he hasn't been able to get through one yet!<br /><br />the good:<br />1 - super easy to install. i even moved one from one location to another & it was easy to remove & reinstall on another door.<br />2 - for my needs, it works really well. it keeps kitty safe & out of trouble.<br /><br />the not as good:<br />1 - the lever section moves around sometimes causing the latch to slip behind it. it's easy to get it back in place, but i can see how a clever kid could figure that out pretty quickly rendering the lock useless. more padding would help hold it in place, but since it's not an issue for me, i've never taken the time to make that tweak.<br />2 - extra double sided tape would be nice. i was a little off on my initial installation & had to remove & use strips. extra tape, cut to size, in case a mistake is made would be helpful."
It's everything that I was looking for!  We switched from a summer to the Levana because it had two cameras that you are able to switch between.. Now we are able to watch both of our children. The quality is very nice and it is deffinetly worth every penny. (Which isn't very expensive)
The WubbaNub is nice. It is what I expected. Our daughter only uses it when she wants sometime to squeeze. For that reason only I don't think I would  buy a second as back up.
"This is very cute, but it was smaller in person than I was expecting. We had a different one for one of my other kids and it was slightly larger for the baby to get a good grasp on it. Overall this is made very well."
I'm so very glad I went with this find over the other competitors pacifier holders..<br />My daughter kept switching which pacifier se liked and it really does hold every pacifier ! It took us a while to find the right one and so that was extremely helpful!<br />The only thing I didn't like was finding out the two strings were connected she would pull in one end and the other end would pop out of her mouth.. It defeated the purpose... Even though her binky was still easy to find and out back in but the same thing would happen every time .  The strings shouldn't e connected and I hope they change the design in the future or at least have longer strings
I only gave it a 4 star because there was no way to order neutral colors or even the correct color.  Of course I needed blue and got pink.  Would have been happy with neutral colors.
Exactly the same as that given in hospital. Baby loves it and won't try another other brands.<br />I'd recommend this if you have a baby that loves the pacifier.
"this product is very good, but i have problem with configuration to access camera over in internet, other point is the battery in iphone or ipad, the expenditure is very high."
It is smaller than I thought- for an infant opposed to baby? Either way I got it as a piece to a gift basket for a baby shower because she loves turtles and it was perfect. My friend uses Wubbanub and she swears by them. Cute product for sure and safer than cord or ties.
"Fantastic product, lives up to expectations for a safe,  chemical free product for baby. I'm rating at four stars, because of the price. It's a little steep when you consider you'll be replacing these every few months.  But otherwise, I'm very happy with this purchase."
"It works great for my baby.  The only downside was that my dog liked them as well.  She chewed the green one, but not the pink."
"Very useful. I was unable to properly use it when my baby was a new born because the nipple was heavy, now that he is 3 months it works perfectly."
"Was guided to the &#34;wubbie&#34; by my daughter-in-law! Great purchase. Got a great kick out of seeing baby both play with colorful toy, use the pacifier and of course she really liked the tag~!!!"
"The idea of this is awesome, and my son absolutely loves it, but more as a toy than a pacifier. If we pop it in his mouth he sucks on it for a second, but then grabs the toy part and pulls it right back out."
"My daughter wouldn't take this pacifier, but I don't think it's fair to give it a low rating because of that. The product arrived on time, appears to be of good quality, and the color in the picture is true to life. Too baby baby girl didn't approve!"
"Most babies take to these very easily and I do love them for that however, most peds don't recommend these. They prefer you use ortho pacis, but we like these and will try to transition her off of these between 3-6 months."
"good product, it does what it is supposed to. worth the money i paid for. good in every way. it is not my babies favorite, but thats ok."
"I love that these are good for a little girl, but are not pink.  However, they did get scratched on the front when I put them in the MAM pacified clip.  They are still cute, and MAM is the only pacifier my baby uses."
These were the closest to the pacifiers that we got in the hospital that I could find for a reasonable price online.
"Our little one enjoys them and we'll more from MAM when the time comes to replace these pacifiers, thanks again."
We've gone through 2 of these in my son's short 4 month life.  The dog loves them and decides to chew the nuk off the animal (shame on us for leaving them within her reach...I know).  My son was never really old enough to figure out how to actually use it and we haven't purchased another one yet.  They're cute and definitely easy to find when it falls out of his mouth (in the carseat especially).  Would still recommend!
None available.
"I love this little pup, but my son isn't as impressed. He's not a huge fan of pacifiers anymore, which probably isn't a bad thing in the long run. But besides that, it's made very well, is cute and very soft."
This binky keeps my son entertained and stays in place longer than a regular binky. My 6 month old loves holding onto the plush toy.
"I got this for a baby shower as a joke. Its pretty big and doesn't look like it would be that comfortable, but everyone laughed when they saw it."
Great Pacifiers as our boys are not fond of the silicone ones at all.  We just wish they made more neutral colors.
"i bought this stroller as an open box instead of another brand, since it was $60 cheaper this way.  since i planned to use it mostly for walks around the neighborhood, i didn't mind if it was a little small for my kids.<br /><br />i would definitely say that the other reviews and descriptions were very accurate (posted at the time i bought, anyway!)  so i was not surprised to find that my older children's (ages 3 and 2) heads hit the canopy, and their knees are really bent.  i don't have big kids, so definitely this stroller is designed for 4 children all under about the age of 2-2 1/2.<br /><br />nevertheless, i love it.  i love being able to pile my 4 children- 3 1/2, 2 1/2, 19 mos, and 3 mos- all into the stroller and go for a walk.  the stroller is super easy to push.  a bit of a pain to turn, but whatever, it's big.  i never intended to, but i did eventually take it to the mall- i got it into the back of my odyssey without much trouble, and once there, it really was a lifesaver.  got in and out of elevators no problem, and i wasn't chasing after kids the whole time- i actually was able to accomplish the shopping i needed to do without my kids knocking over an entire belt rack (like they did the last time).<br /><br />my husband put it together very easily, and i keep it in our garage.<br />i was able to remove and re-fasten the front canopy easily.<br />i put my infant in at about a month old and strapped her in with the seat reclined- she did great.<br />i love the storage at the bottom- there are little nets to hold stuff as well as a bin at the bottom, and i can reach both very easily.<br />i did use velcro straps to hold up the hand brake.  if i need to brake the stroller i use the foot brake.<br /><br />i'm so happy to be able to take a real walk and not end up carrying a tricycle half the way!!"
"Love these bottles!!<br />They do leak if you are not paying attention to how you close the bottle, but that happens with any bottle you don't close right:)<br /><br />Only CON- the set came with different flow nipples which took me a few feedings to notice because my newborn kept choking... Went out and bought slow feeds and they are life changing!! I have a new baby and get to sleep now:)"
"A very cute product. My son has jaw muscle issues which makes sucking difficult. I ordered this when he was 4 weeks old to help him keep his pass in and help with sucking. I don't think it really helped as much as I hoped, however now at two months old he touches the soft monkey and pulls at it to try ang get pass back in mouth. If nothing else it is adorable, it keeps the falling pass from doing the dreaded floor bounce roll disappear, and it helps us keep his pass separate from our 20 month olds."
"i've purchased just about every item in the baby bot collection and i love them all. my only complaint about the piggy bank is that it's not as large as amazon says it is. the item description says that it's 10x10x11. i was excited about the large size but then i was totally bummed when it arrived. i measured it and it's only 6x5x7. the box with the ribbon that it comes in isn't even as big as the measurements they gave! but whatever, it's still super cute."
i used this for both of my sons when i sent their lunches to preschool.  it holds a good amount of food and allows variation for a balanced meal.
these are really good quality bottles. the only downside is the nipples tend to split after about four months use and your forced to buy more. for the price i would expect a more durable nipple.
ditched the high chair for this seat -- works well to have toddler join us at table and does save space.
"not so good for short people, it cant be stretch anough for short people so the had of the baby is infront of the eyes"
I am happy with this purchase.  We got the orange and green ones not the pink and purple.  Our baby likes them and they look good too.  Worrth the purchase.
I bought these for my daughter looking at the designs in the picture and got dinosaurs and blocks as designs. i mean the paci does its job but it would have been nice to get a girls design.
I love the MAM pacifiers but really wish these glowed for longer. Also unless you place them in direct sunlight or near a light for an extended period of time they don't glow very brightly. Otherwise I love these. Love that when my daughter looses her paci in the middle of the night and starts to fuss I can find it.
No longer we have to look for pacifiers at night with a small light and worry about baby crying too much. :-)
"Baby's first teeth are coming out, so transitioning to these pacifiers is great and she seems to like them as well."
"nice quality, but a little pricey.  matches the  crib comforter and  bumper pads very well.  the blue is a true baby blue, very soft for a nursery."
"these headbands are adorable and the assortment of colors will match just about every outfit possible. however, we will have to wait for a few months. they are practically big enough to fit my newborn's waist, and she was an average-sized baby. can't wait to be able to use them!"
"i purchased this for my 3 year old granddaughter to use while my daughter and son-in-law are moving cross country. i do not know if it will fit her car seat yet. but i do like the way the item looks, i'll try to remember to update my comment once they arrive in nc and let me know how it worked."
"I loved this for a new born, it helps the pacifier to stay put, it is soft and cute.  The problem as baby gets older is that the pacifier does not detach.  I would rather have a way of removing it for better cleaning"
This is great for when my 6 week old lays down to sleep. It holds the pacifier up just enough to keep it in his mouth and if it falls out he has an easy time getting it back. Would be nice if it had a little weight to it so it would stay a little better.
"Baby just came home and we got these to have on hand.  Haven't tried them yet, but those who have gave good reviews."
I just wish the ones that they sent weren't all clear. Makes them hard to find. My son liked them though so that's what matters.
Just what the baby ordered. Makes him very happy. The sucker shape is designed properly as well. The soft silicone seems to collapse before it can have a chance to deform the soft palate. Unlike a thumb or some of the more rigid pacifiers. I am happy with this product.
Babies love these! Just wish they could detach from the nuk so you can wash the stuffed animal. Otherwise the kiddos (3) are loving them
"This is the only brand my son will use.  He rejects others.  We received a pink and purple pair.  It was our last choice of color, but since he as so much from his older sister a little more pink and purple hasn't bothered him."
My son was born on 3/1/14 & he love it. Help out all so he doesn't lose it. nice to have
"I don't really want to give so much praise to a pacifier, but it's practical. stays put where you want it, and it's easy to find in the crib. well, if you compare it to his transparent pacifier, it's a godsend. lol."
Easy shopping cant find these colors in the store mam has the best pacifiers on the market my baby loves them
"The color is different than the picture, a darker pink and its harder to see the glitter, but it is cute!<br />Took a bit to come in the mail.<br />The words are also smaller and a more faded grey rather than bolder black. I like it though."
"I graduated my twins from the soothies to these a few weeks ago, and they have a much easier time latching onto these great pacifiers!<br /><br />Pros:<br />-They come with a case that covers the nipple<br />-Easy to use by my twins<br /><br />Cons:<br />-Nipple is hollow. During the cleaning process I have on a couple occasions gotten soapy water stuck in the nipple & have had to clean them again; making sure to rinse out the inside of the nipple by sucking water in and out."
I love wubbanubs. My only issue with them seems to be something that will go away as my daughter gets older. She is a couple months old and loves to move her arms well she gets her arm against the stuffed animal part and rips it out of her mouth which causes a mad baby. But I'm sure as she ages this will be less and less of a problem
This is great....I just wish my grandson liked the shape of the pacifier part.  Stinking cute for the small amount of time he keeps it in his mouth though!
None available.
"i love this diaper bag. i got it for my third baby and it has been by far my favorite bag. the size is perfect, it cleans up easily and is made very well. my only issue is the shoulder strap doesn't stay on my shoulder well, but i would still give this bad as a gift or recommend it to anyone. way to go ju-ju be!"
"this is a great thing to organize kid's toys and dirty clothes and just plain trash.  could be a little sturdier, and the boys are always pulling out the wire around the rim, but that's easily put back on.  and be careful what goes in the big one; it's so deep, things tend to get lost."
case of good quality materials and construction. only fault is length of cord attached to stylus.  would recommend to others.
"baby doesn't have his teeth yet, but we decided to take a preemptive strike and purchased this for his stocking at christmas. we have the banana one for our older son who has mostly upgraded to an electric kid's brush (2 yr old). these all seem to work the same so it seems like it will be fine. i do think it's tough to brush a younger child's teeth with anything because they're apt to bite you, as we found out with our first. the electric brush once he was a bit older was a bigger hit because he would always see mommy and daddy using our electric toothbrushes."
"i like the rail cover just wish it was a little thicker, i purchased it after my granddaughter hit her chin on her crib rail, it really prevents that but i know if she were to hit it hard enough it would still hurt!  love that it has the waterproof backing though!"
product is exactly like i expected it to be.  good value for the price...i'm on baby #3 and it is still holding up!
just too small for my kids. order bigger size. this is appropriate for toddlers only. not school children.<br />great function and design.
"these are really cute. i'm not giving 5 stars because i don't love the velcro closure. it doesn't 'stick' well enough and comes off easier than most velcro. on the plus size, they don't get caught on other clothing in the wash."
None available.
"i like this fitted diapers. i wish i would have bought more of these and less prefolds. the are easy to put on and comfortable on my baby. not too bulky but not too absorbent. have not have any leaks though, so overall no complaints."
"i'm not overly wowed by this chair and ottoman for the price (sixty five) but it's cute enough. the fabric will make messes easy to lean up. i'm worried that the fabric will rip easily or will be easy to puncture. it's really low to the ground so we'll probably put taller legs on the chair to fit my daughters height better.  it's really light weight so it can tip easily by leaning back or climbing on it, like most kids do with furniture. my daughter is about 30lbs and fits in it with room to spare and she's a solid build, not lanky.  she can also pick it up and move it around (which tells you how light weight this is).  i'm guessing we'll be able to use this for a year, maybe two at the most.  a good age range for an average child would be 18 months to 4 years max.  unless your child is on the tall/thin side, then maybe up to 5. made in mexico."
my 6month daughter can hold down the &#34;peek a boo&#34;.  it's interesting enough to focus on the book for six month baby.
"i love this organization tool. it works well. i wish a few of the side compartments were a little larger, but it is very functional"
"this baby book is so much cuter than expected.  the car and zoom on the front are 3d, which was unexpected (the zoom is fuzzy).  the pages are great and cover so much, probably more than i actually need.  the month to month pages are the exact same, which means it is asking about favorite foods at 1 mo, 2 mo, and so on, which doesn't really apply at that stage.  but this is a minor issue.  i'm excited to start entering the information for baby boy."
"this was fairly priced, and is small so it's easy to store or take with you in a diaper bag. i only gave it a 4 star rating because it's hard to stack for a little one."
"i bought this for my nephew as a gift.  it's very cute and about the size you'd expect.  unfortunately, i can't really speak on performance, because i didn't see it out of the box, but from appearances alone, it's great."
"exactly what i thought it would be like. description was perfect, i liked that the side compartments can detach if space is limited."
i'm glad i bout these for my 2011 mercedes benz c300. they work as advertised. the only reason it's got 4 stars is because they are a bit hard to install. overall good product.
"my son bubs, 2.5, loves these cups - their chunky design fits well in his hands, the spout is short & unobtrusive, and the illustrations are adorable - and he prefers them to the silicon-spouted cups he used before. they're easy to clean (cup & lid on the top wrack of the dishwasher, valve in the silverware caddy) & the click lock feature is a nice measure for keeping the lid on when dropped or thrown.<br /><br />the cups don't spill when knocked over or held upside down, but they do drip when liquid gets trapped b/t the spout & valve, the result of which is clothing speckled with dots of chocolate milk & juice (not to mention my poor carpet!) while that hasn't stopped me from buying three sets of the cups, it's enough imho to deduct one start from my rating."
A bit more expensive than generic pacifiers but I thought it was worth it. I bought this as a baby shower gift and it was popular.
"These are nice pacifiers.  They come with a nice plastic container that you can add water and throw in the microwave to sanitize the pacifiers which is nice.  However, they're tricky to get in with the correct side up - you have to look at the image on the front of the pacifier to determine which side needs to be facing up... that's kind of annoying if your baby spits the pacifier out frequently."
"In theory, these pacifiers are larger than the newborn-size ones. However, I can barely tell the difference. If I look very closely, these look slightly larger than the newborn ones (like 1 or 2 millimeters longer and 1 millimeter thicker). Because the difference in size is so small, I probably could have continued to use my newborn-size ones for my four-month old baby.<br /><br />That being said, I like the gumdrop style of pacifiers very much. They are the only kind that my son likes (he does not like orthotic-style pacifiers). I've read other reviews that say the gumdrop pacifiers sold by Amazon are not the exact same ones as hospitals use. While this may be true, my son and I can't tell the difference."
had breast cancer and had double mastectomy with tissue expanders. i am a side sleeper. this is allowing me to sleep on my side with out too much discomfort. i bought both the large one and this mini one. i like this one best. only downside is that at times i would like it a bit softer under my head.
love these brands but they are not as soft as the bamboo..like others said the print is rough.  a few more washes and it should be good
"i like it, very cute. it held up well holding in the waste. only problem is it runs a little smaller than other brands. happy otherwise:)"
These pacifiers were a huge hit with my son and daughter-in-law.  We're all big Buckeye fans and having my newly born grandson come into the world as an official Buckeye fan is exciting!  Go Bucks!!
"This was more a fun gift for my sis and brother-in-law, since my nephew is obviously too young to appreciate it. We were able to get him to keep it in his mouth long enough to get a couple of pics but it wasn't easy. Actually, the pics are kinda great because he's almost scowling, so he looks like Yosemite Sam from the old Bugs Bunny cartoons. Any way, it's a fun gag gift."
"This has held up great through multiple runs in the washing machine and dryer.  It didn't actually work for us in bed, because my son likes to turn his head to the side when he sleeps--he would pull the elephant off of his chest every single time...  But it is great for the car!  I love that the pacifier doesn't get lost in the car seat, though my son (5 months) still can't get the pacifier in his mouth consistently.  Now that he is teething, he enjoys chewing on the sides of the pacifier and on the elephant's legs.<br /><br />Updated 2014.03.08: One of the elephant's legs did split open recently.  I'm leaving my review at five stars because none of the filling came out even when the opening became quite large (I didn't notice it very quickly).  A very safe toy!"
"My first son liked this brand of pacifier a lot so I bought these for my second son after he rejected the ones the hospital gave us. He still isn't a fan, but occasionally he'll suck on one if we encourage it enough. I think it's tough with pacifiers because it's baby's preference, but these seem to be breastfeeding friendly from what I've read and we haven't had any issues with them lasting long term."
"Our daughter unfortunately doesn't suck on pacifiers. However, she still likes this one! It has longer looped handle that she grabs and then gnaws on the side quite happily. Other pacifiers have a flat back so there isn't anything to hold in to. While this may not be the intended use, our daughter certainly gets more use out of this pacifier than any of the others we have!!"
I'd give it a five but I don't think it's as soft as the other one I have (plain white cow). But the concept is still great and I love it. I wish we could pick different color pacifiers though!
"Works great! Much better than another kind I tried first before finding this one (Safety first which my baby would not use). Soft nipple just like real pacifier, easy for baby to get medicine out. Simple and non messy to put in as well. The medicine dispenser part breaks apart easily, I had to get a 2nd one because the first one broke. But you can still clip it back together & use it just that it's in 2 pieces instead of staying in 1 piece."
"My 5 month old daughter likes to play with this.  I'd definitely buy it again, and will perhaps for a gift.  One suggestion:  it seems the pullies are just a tad short or tight.  For a young baby they aren't strong enough to hold the paci in their mouths, so it gets pulled out while driving, etc.<br /><br />But all in all, this is a great baby product.  She really uses the pullies and it does indeed exercise hand-eye, and cause-effect reactions."
"What more can be said, these are the only pacifiers that my LO will take. I like the openings, which allow the skin around the mouth to breath, unlike other pacifiers.They are easy to clean. You have to buy the clips for these as they are a life saver; no more lost pacifiers."
"Of course I haven't yet used these, and I plan on it.  I like the feel and I'm my precious will as well."
These were great!!  These were used for a gift basket for a father to be that was a huge Florida Gator Fan!! Mother to be was ecstatic!!  So glad the purchase came earlier than expected!.
bought these for my daughter and was happy to received girly colored ones. my daughter will only use these type of pacifier
"This is a fun product. My son takes this binky pretty well. He's not to the age yet where he can find it in his crib on his own, but with him sleeping in a bassinet next to me, it's easy for me to find in the dark. This is the only binky I use for him at night since with the weight of the stuffed animal, it will stay in his mouth much better. Therefore, more sleep for baby & mommy!  The reason I'm rating it 4 stars is due to the fact that they only offer it with the soothie binky.  My son prefers the gumdrop ones. Would be nice if the wubbanubs were offered with a variety of pacifiers since they are not detachable."
"i talked to people and even looked it up because the amazon product page said this swing does not take a charger and was told repeatedly that it does. i even found chargers saying that they did. however, i reiterate that this swing in fact does not take the charger! if you want a swing that uses an a/c plug in, do not get this one. this swing takes three d batteries and depending on speed and usage (and probably size of child) the length of their life varies greatly from what i can tell. despite all of these, i love this swing very much as the swing adjusts to three ways from laying down to sitting up and the seat is more of a bucket seat, plenty of room for baby to sit and grow in."
My baby likes the pacis and they're great. There's no smell and they haven't torn despite constant use and sterilization.
we received this crib several days ago and it was a cinch to put together.  it looks great and half the price of the oeuf baby cribs.
my baby loves this jumper..especially since he hit the 5 month mark he loves to actually jump up and down instead of just swishing back and forth.  the price is great too..didn't have to spend close to 100$ for those fancy jumper things.  my only gripe is that since it is hanging you have to figure out a way to get your baby in while the jumper swings around..since it is not stationary.  but its not a major issue.
actually i would give this product 4.5 stars.  the fit is perfect and the sheet is ultra soft after washing and dryer. the only reason i would lower the perfect score is that the chemical odor was noxious. i wonder if the 'organic' label is meaningful.  also wonder how many washings it takes to get all of that out.
"brought this car seat to use for when we have our grandson.  the directions for installing it we found to be confusing, but once we watched some videos online, we understood it better and we had no issues installing it properly.  this is a wonderful car seat for grandparents to use without spending a lot of money."
"they are very cute patterns for our monthly baby photos. my girl is 2 months now and the stickers are still a little big for her, they take up her entire torso, but hopefully will get better as she grows."
"These are the same pacifiers that our hospital uses and hence, what baby was used to.  It was cute to find them in girlie colors.  :)  These are not the easiest to find, so it's good to know I can come online and get more when needed."
"This is adorable and we are hoping will keep our little one from losing her &#34;nini&#34; so much.  Very sweet and soft, the right size for our little one, only 2 months old, and we are thinking it may become a favorite over time.  Will probably be looking to buy more in the near future.  Probably a bit over-priced, but if it helps....it will be worth it!"
"Easy to open, easy to attach to pretty much anything, easy to clean, holds two pacifiers and keeps them clean during travel."
"I wish this didn't have an &#34;open&#34; hook (I wish it would clip closed, as I have lost two of them off the outside of my diaper bag!) but I love this product and look of it.  I simply have to keep it inside my bag, as it can easily fall off when clipped to the outside."
I really wanted to purchase these but couldn't find the 3+ month ones in store so I paid over $5 for these ones. Well of course a few days later I did finally find them and they were just less than $3. Still a cute thing to have and they are harder than the 0-3 month ones which is exactly what I wanted.
i got this as a gift for my infant. she chews on them and seems to enjoy playing with them!
"we have a few car seats and we do like this one, especially for the price.  my only issue is that my sons head falls forward when he falls asleep and the straps are a bit of a pain in the rear to adjust form time to time. we do like it and use it daily but if i could do it all over again i would go with the britax. we have one and its like a recliner for the kids.  :)"
"i'd give this 5 stars if all of the pre-drilled holes that were supposed to be there had actually been there -- we were missing two, which turned this &#34;quick and easy&#34; assembly into a much longer ordeal. it was also very difficult to get all 8 of the final screws in (and i don't know how anyone would do so with just a manual screwdriver!). but i will say, everything seems to be very well-made and it looks fantastic now that it's done. i can't speak to its function in the nursery just yet, as my little one is still &#34;cooking&#34;, but we're very happy with the purchase and can't wait to use it!"
"i love this seat. i bought this when my baby outgrew her chicco keyfit convertible car seat. i think it is worth the money and it is very comfortable and super easy to install. my only complaint is that it is challenging to tighten the straps. i have found that pulling the shoulder pads way down until the harness is tight helps, then i push them back up around her neck. i have been using this rear facing so far, but will be changing it to forward soon."
"We got these from the hospital originally, the green boyish ones, LOVE THE color of the pink and purple ones, they really need to start selling them in store. My daughter is not a pacifier girl but when she was these were the only ones she would take, the only reason i tried swtching her to another pacifier is because these dont stick to your mouth like the other ones so if they dont have a good suckle on them the fall out and bounce so far you will never be able to find them."
"My little one refused any kind of paci up until the third month...and then all of a sudden pacis were the best!  I love that the Natursutten is natural rubber and BPA-free.  SO if your little one refuses a paci at first, tuck these away in a drawer and try again in a few months...you may be surprised!"
"let me begin by stating that love this company, great quality, safe and usa made!  unfortunately, my baby couldn't care any less about this toy.  he's 6 months old.  i rated it with 4 stars because it is a nice toy.  maybe your baby will like it."
"i really didn't want a shear set of curtains but the cocalo daniella collection pink is very hard to match, and the shear material is a off white linen color that is also hard to match.  i found many that matched the brown ties but couldn't see myself buying brown curtains for my twin girls nursery. i could have just gotten any old off white flower pattern shear curtain being that the pink hides the true color of the shear overlay but i decided to splurge a little."
"this is a great chair for your toddler. they can climb up in it themselves and also sit at the table. since the seat height is adjustable, we will be surely using this chair for many more years to come. made out of real wood and durable. the wood is not soft, but harder wood that doesn't dent easily."
i bought this for my 6 month old son when i started sleep training him. we don't use it every night but it is very nice. and it's small enough to take with you if you ever need to travel or your child goes away for a night to stay with grandma and grandpa.
the suction cups that connect the handle to the tub work well and the handle itself is sturdy and easy to grip. the only challenge we had is the side of our tub is too narrow. we were able to stick the handle on the wall surround and still find it helpful.
my 7-month old grandson enjoyed holding onto this bendy ball. colorful and durable. easy to clean and made a nice addition to the other playthings
love the adapters but only gave the product 4 stars for price. if you double pump it's pricey for 2. end if the day they didn't work for me because pumping into glass born free bottles was heavy in the breasts. still a great product though.
It's so cute my husband is a Texas longhorn fan so we had to get the longhorn we already have the elephant wabbanub
"We started out with these and the Soothie pacifiers. Our daughter started with the Soothie and seemed to have a preference for that initially. She did later take this paci as well, however with both this and the Soothie, she kept spitting it out. I initially wanted to use these so as to eliminate the possibility of nipple confusion - however we soon realized that wasn't a big deal as she was doing great nursing.  We bought some of the Avent infant pacifiers and she loved those. They have a small 'bulb' shape at the end - so as she's sucking, she's keeping it in her mouth.  We had no problems with those being spit out.  I've seen a few babies successfully use and keep these style pacifiers in, but most I've talked to start with these and then soon move on to the Avent pacifiers.  While it is well made and a great style (I like that it's not the big green circle in her face), I probably wouldn't have needed to buy these."
but really rarely ever use it - great to carry an extra binky around - most all of them would fit inside.
First - I LOVED THIS TURTLE - soooo cute!!!  But I got this at 2 mos and he had moved from the soothie pacifier to the mam and just couldn't keep this in his mouth even with the turtle on it - definitely if you get one make sure you get it to use from the very beginning.
"I thought this was too cute and ordered it for my 4 month old grandson. Too bad he cant use it. I would suggest only for older babies, at least 8-9month old. Other than the sizing, this binky is of good quality and arrived super fast."
I liked this but my baby did not. I could not find in my local stores. It smells great (like vanilla) and makes my baby's breath smell good when I can convince him to use it.
"We needed to go to a bigger version of the paci my grandson loves and this is that product, but you don't have a choice of whether you receive them for boys or girls - and it does make a difference.  Thankfully, Amazon is great about returning items."
"Light pink, glitter and princess...what more could a baby girl ask for?? Product was delivered quickly and I had no issues. Its not a newborn paci though so we'll wait and give it to her when she's a little older."
Bought one of these and received a pink pacifier for my son.  I don't mind him using something pink but I was surprised that it has become his favorite one.  To each their own I suppose.
"Fair warning: you never know which model of soother your child will like.<br /><br />For us, our son loved the Avent soothers and no longer uses the more &#34;orthodontically correct&#34; models.<br /><br />A few notes:<br />--a single-piece (can't break causing a choking hazard)<br />--dead simple to clean<br />--symmetric design makes it easier to put in the kids mouth<br />--through-hold tells you if the kid is actually biting down (and hence whether or not it's just going to fall back out)."
"Great because when the baby spits them out, the stuffed animal is heavy enough to keep them on her when she wants them again. Also love how there are not pieces that can break off and cause an issue so there are no worries with them"
"After a recommendation, I bought 3 wubbanubs.  The caterpillar, the zebra and the pink giraffe.  The zebra's shape makes it easy for my 4 month old to hold onto.  She puts one hand up by the pacifier and wraps the other arm around the body like it is her little buddy. It also makes it easy for her to put the pacifier back into her mouth if she wriggles and it falls out.  I think she only favors this one because she is drawn to the black and white of zebras. The only reason I gave it 3 stars is because the Soothie pacifier is glued in so it can't be changed and the size of the pacifier is 0-3 months.  My daughter is a preemie with an adjusted age of 7 weeks so physically she can use it for another month or so before I should be putting her on larger pacifiers and then eventually the orthodontic shaped ones.  So it is a shame that she can't use it as she grows because it has become like a little friend to her."
"I would've given it a &#34;Love it&#34; if it was about 20x bigger.  LOL  it is very tiny, but it is so cute!! I love it."
My son has always loved mam pacifiers. We started with the 0-6month ones then got the 6month+ air and the ones with the teethers on the side. He loves all of those. We are now using the mam perfect to try to wean off the pacifier. He gets ear infections and we were told to limit the pacifier. Since the mam perfect is thinner I feel comfortable using it. He does prefer the regular ones though but will take this since I don't give him the other option much any more. We are down to pacifiers only for naps and bedtime (and it falls out soon after he's asleep)
i have a britex stroller and car seat. i love them both! these items are very much worth the money. the only bad thing was that i ordered this item thinking i needed it to be able to connect my car seat to the stroller and i didn't! this was meant for a car seat that isn't of the britex brand! i think that should be made clearly in the description! i recommend buying everything britex! i love the quality and the fact that they are very neutral. these products that i have are gray and black and i am using them for my first child who happens to be a girl now but we hope to have a little boy soon and these items would work great for him as well! very durable. we refer to the stroller as her cadillac!
Its cute and great for baby but it can not be sterilized because you can not take the Pacifier off the toy. So it os hard to keep clean and my baby seems to have a harder time keep in this in her mouth cause of the toy attached. She does better with the pacifiers by themselves. Same brand but without the toy
"All of my nieces and nephews have loved the pacifiers but it seems inevitable that if you are buying for a baby girl you will get blue/green, if you are buying for a boy you will get pink/purple. Not a huge deal but that option to choose would be great."
The baby that I watch daily loves this and carries it around with him.  It is also easy to find in his crib when he is looking for something to soothe him back to sleep.
"I really like these pacifiers. Esp. because they come with a protection cap which is awesome. However, I wish they could have made it so the cap would stick to the pacifier somehow...because I have misplaced most of them =("
The pacifiers seemed to be of good quality when I received them. They weren't faded and they didn't look cheap. I bought them for a friend and hopefully she and her baby liked them!
"Love this sound machine. The volume can be turned up loud enough to fill the room which is great and it has a 40 minute automatic shut off. We had another similar product that had no volume adjustment and only a 20 minute shut off, both were the same price. While the womb sounds don't put our baby to sleep they keep him asleep longer and in a deeper state. Would recommend this sound machine  over others!"
"I love frogs, so I bought this for my son. At 5 months he is too young to really appreciate the cute stuffed animal, but he has an easier time putting this in his mouth than a regular pacifier. He also has an easier time pulling it out. My only complaint is that the pacifier is not detachable, which would make cleaning a little easier."
"baby loves this. great for strapping to the infant seat on car rides, the outside of the bassinet for living room naps and taking to the grandparents house. the &#34;gurgling stream&#34; sound is the clearest/most soothing to us, &#34;rain&#34; sounds like higher-pitched white noise, &#34;ocean&#34; sounds like freeway traffic and the whale sounds are on too short a loop (gets repetitive). so overall, could use improvement on the sound quality but this is a great soother and the rigid audio unit is removable so sleep sheep can be cuddled at a later stage."
i liked how many photos fit in the album-almost double the number of the other albums i looked at online. my niece loved it!
"ok, that's a strange title, but if you already have a wubbanub you might understand.  the lions limbs are a bit short so when my baby spits out his pacifier and tries to put it back in his mouth the wubbanub will slip down his body and he isn't able to grab the wub as easily.  unlike the monkey he has, the limbs are longer so when he spits it out it doesn't really go anywhere so he can easily relatch to the wub and all is good."
works well to protect my baby from slipping.  it's non toxic which is important to me.  it sticks to the tub- another plus.  only downside is i wish it was larger and covered more space.  feels like i might need two to make a bigger space for her
anyone can install this little gem with the help of easy to read instructions.  looks good and has very good video quality.  if you are wanting a simple video camera to keep tabs on your little ones this is definately a good buy.
"it's a really cute record book. the pages are nice and thick. only thing is that there are spaces to place photos but they must be glued down.... there is no slot to insert them. also, don't get the cover wet because it will peel as it's all paper."
"I bought this before realizing that my daughter didn't care for a pacifier. She would keep throwing it on the ground because she didn't want to use it, which made it a little difficult for cleaning because it was attached to a stuffed animal.  I wish she would have liked it because it was a bit expensive. Hoping that my 2nd one likes it! It's very cute."
"My 1 month old will only use these pacifiers, and will spit out any others. I think the curved shape that makes it &#34;orthodontic&#34; also makes it easier to suck on. The pack I got had all the same design on it though. It wasn't a variety pack like I thought it would be."
for the price i thought they would be bigger or more of them but he does love them and climbs and jumps off of them
"great variety of decals. easy to apply and remove, but children would not be able to remove them as easily which is good. great value for price."
perfect accessory for the bob stroller and easy to attach and i would def buy again havent used my stroller much yet so no comment in way of durability.
"It's a good product but my baby (2months now) likes the smaller pacifiers a little better - perhaps when he gets bigger, he'll like it better"
"Was really hopeful with these, but my breastfed baby was still not interested.  I've given up on finding one she will take.  I guess nothing compares to a nipple or a thumb."
"These are small, the large bag fits 3-4 soiled diapers. We used these for cloth diapering on the go it worked for short periods at a time. They  lean well in the machine as well. The small one is great to store mama cloth in or maybe some cloth wipes."
I love these pacis. My son used these alot as a newborn and we bought 3 so we wouldn't be without it. He has grown out of them and now uses a regular paci but I will keep these for the next baby.
"Baby uses these to sleep and they seem to do the trick when he needs a little soothing. We originally had the Nuk orthopedic pacifier but baby seems to prefer this one. Haven't had any issues at all, super easy to sanitize and overall happy with the product."
No digging around in the diaper bag required when using this pacifier pod. Love the trendy design ... purchased it to go with my different Miche bag shells.
"I admit to being a wipe-aholic, but these are fantastic  for  any  parent  on  the  go.  I have a pack in the diaper bag - these have saved me when there is no sink and  non-antibacterial soap around!  If your kid needs a pacifier, then you need these! No  residue  or  after  taste,  but  we  just  rinse  with  water  after  wiping  to  ease  our  own  minds. Little more expensive than the other brand."
"Cheaper than at a big retailer like Target or BRU. I like the clear ones because you can see if there is gunk  in the pacifier,"
this item arrived ahead of schedule on christmas eve.  it was carefully packed and fit perfectly in our play yard.  the quality seems very good and our grandson has been sleeping very comfortably on it for the last few nights.
"We love these.  They are sturdy and cute.  Only complaint is that they cant be used upside down like the other AVENT pacifiers.  That is always so nice in the middle of the night.  Otherwise, perfect!"
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my  3 month old niece and she loved it. Started holding in instantly and actually kept the binky in her mouth instead of falling out every couple minutes.
"The WubbaNub was recommended by a friend who witnessed our little one popping out his pacifier. I thought it would be weighted more, almost like a Beanie Baby, but it doesn't add that much weight. It does, however, give our little one something to hold on to and can sort of be propped to help it from not coming out as often. Plus, they  pretty cute!"
I only rated 4 starts as my daughter does prefer the hawaii brand gumdrop they are softer but these are still a great product. And a bargain price for me in australia compared to the authorised sellers here.
A good pacifier that does the job. I was confused though because one time after washing I found water collected in the nipple in one of the pacifiers. Not sure what that was but was able to get it out after a lot of effort.
I love this product for seeing the pacifier at night but when cleaning you need to be careful as it can take in water to the plastic bulb part.
"i bought these because my 2 month only sometimes takes the one the hospital gave me. they are actually harder and not so soft. im not sure if they will soften or if its because the first one was new born.. either way i know lots of people who only use these! recommended over soothie, which covers the nose"
"we bought this looking for a larger big for dinnertime for our toddler (age 1.5). it's a good product: water-proof surface makes it easy to clean and dry after doing so. it didn't work for us in the end. our son somehow found the material clammy and would always try to take it off. perhaps the rubberized material is uncomfortable against the skin. the lack of a pocket on the front for catching food that drops is also an issue. all in all this might be better as an art smock. in the end, we kept this but also use the larger size kushies bibs."
i bought it for my 5 month old and he loves playing with it. the colors are bright and there's a squeaky sound he likes when i push on one of the wings.
"bought the car seat for our first baby. it works exactly how a car seat should and is fairly easy to clean, operate, and adjust. it's just that the carry bar hurts to.. carry."
"i'd go with a 4 1/2 star rating.  the marks on the straps are great for making sure at a glance that nothing is twisted.  the seat is comfy, etc.  i wanted to comment on the one thing i hadn't seen mentioned... and that's the shoulder strap pads.  they are sewn in, which isn't necessarily an issue in my opinion... the problem is that when you tighten the straps, the pads pull up slightly into the slit in the seat.  this doesn't seem like an issue, but when it was warm and my daughter was wearing a tank top, her skin ended up getting pinched between the belt under the pad and the pad itself.  the belt was moving but the pad wasn't, so it just pulled a little bit there.  not enough to draw blood or anything, but it definitely left a red mark and surprised her.  i'd rather have straps that aren't attached to the seat as i've never had a problem with the regular kind before.  i just make sure to watch closely when tightening her in now."
works great for keeping my 2 little ones out of our office space. however i only gave it 4 stars because its not as sturdy as i'd like it to be and i'm afraid in time my son will stand on it too much and it will come out of the walls....1 month and still standing.....time will tell.
we recently received our regalo cot and my toddler loves it. it's very lightweight and easy to open and close. the fitted sheet is very well made. my only two complaints are that i wish the cot had a locking mechanism while in the open position. it kind of closes up when my daughter sits on the edge of it or climbs on and off. a lock would be nice so it stays put while open. also the travel bag has no handle on it to carry the bed and it's very thin. i'm sure it's gonna rip after very little use. besides those two things this bed is nice and very convenient to use for travel.
"They're soft on little mouths, you can put your finger in the front to help the little one latch on, and they're SUPER easy to clean- a big benefit for a new mom who feels like every other motion is laundry, dishes, or other cleaning!"
"This product is exactly what I expected, for my girl. She will love it. Thank you very much for this is the 3 product similar that I buy."
"These are the only pacifiers our daughter will use.  They are ok except that sometimes after washing them in the dishwasher they get cloudy.<br /><br />Also, you need to look for paci clips that have a loop at the end to thread through to hole on the pacifier.  If you get a standard clip it may not work.<br /><br />Finally, we do love these but they bounce like crazy! We are constantly losing them because if they get dropped they bounce so much they can't be found until we clean behind the furniture!"
"We love the NUK pacifiers, the camo design is really cute, the only problem is that it really works!  We have the pink / purple colored ones and because the handle is clear and the design is pale I can never find them against the light sheets in the dark if I need to re-pacify my baby in the middle of the night.  We now use these only for daytime naps and brighter colored NUKs for night sleep."
None available.
"My daughter (14 weeks old) likes to play with the item more than use the pacifier, but it is super cute gift idea and it entertains her."
"These are the best! They close shut when they fall on the ground, which makes them sanitary. The only problem is that it leaves little lines on the babies mouth when sucking on it. But for the most part, it's a great product!"
These have been overall nice pacifiers.  My baby will only take it when he's tired and wants to sleep.  Easy to clean.
"I definitely love that it is clear and not tacky. There's a plastic ring/hook on the front. I didn't understand why it was there, but it is a great feature! I use it to hold it so that I don't touch the nipple part. So convenient. I docked one star for the shape/design of the plastic part. I'm sure it all depends on the baby's chubbiness and shape of the mouth and chin, but the pacifier pressed against my baby's chin and left a sort of reddish mark each time he used it. I tried the MAM pacifiers as well, and those were a better fit for my son. I use this and the MAM ones. I also tried a Soothie, but my son wouldn't take it. It is either because the Soothie is shaped differently or because the nipple on it is much smaller than the avg pacifier."
I like the fact that i was able to find natural rubber since my baby does not like the silicone ones. She took to it right away.
I like the fact that i was able to find natural rubber since my baby does not like the silicone ones. She took to it right away. I am very proud of my purchase
"Great item for novelty, still haven't been able to get the pictures of them using it. they don't like it too much. The item arrived within the time frame allotted. Thank you!"
Really cute and my baby loves it.  I love that you can throw these in the washer when it needs it.
my son loves this pacifer and my daughter had one just like it too. its large enough for their little hands to hold onto and easy to clean. they look really cute holding it. the size of it also makes it easy to keep track of and find. the nipple snaps off easily for cleaning.
"This was my daughter's favorite as soon as she started taking a pacifier at about 3 weeks old.  The attached animal really keeps you from losing it.  A bit pricey, but too cute to pass up.  Babies love to hold on to the stuff animal, and it helps with propping it up so the soothie doesn't always pop right out when they stop sucking.  My daughter was out of the pacifier stage by 4 months old, so it hasn't been used since.<br /><br />I love it, but I give it 4 stars because the pacifier can't be interchanged (it's sewn onto the product) and it can't go through the washing machine, which means you have to buy a new one if you want to use it long-term.  My friend's son has had his monkey one for over a year, and I believe she does put it through the washer.  It might be worth trying, but I didn't want to risk ruining it."
"My daughter LOVED these wubanubs and used them from day one. I loved them because they could be easily found by me when they fall on the floor or get carried around the house.<br />When she was 18 months, I noticed she had almost completely chewed the nipple off the pacifier, it was barely hanging on and could have choked on it! This could happen with any pacifier I suppose - but I just wanted to let people know. I bought another and within a few days she chewed a hole through the nipple again. So no more of these for her!! She must have razor teeth or something. She now has been using the regular soothies (she had newborn ones from before and the 3+ month ones) and hasnt manages to chew those up. Im not sure what it is about these that she is able to chew them up like that. Anyhow, I just toss these in the wash to clean, I suppose you could boil them if you really wanted to sanitize."
"They are great, different style MAM, for some reason they don't seem to be the boys favorite. Don't get me wrong if there are no other bindis around, the boys will gladly use these, but they don't seem to be a top favorite. From a parent standpoint they work the same."
Cute pacifier to match with punk baby outfit. I bought an outfit set for 0-6 months. This is for my best friend's 4 month old baby. Super cute.
"I like the way they look, unfortunately my son does not like them.  So, they look cool, but make sure you order the type/brand of pacifier your kid actually uses before venturing into a new brand."
I love that this thing is natural rubber - I felt good about letting baby suck on it for hours on end... But she won't accept it.
"my three month old daughter finds it entertaining when i shake this toy for her.  the rattling sound is pretty soft, which i like.  she also likes to try to put it in her mouth and gum the end.  my only complaint is i wish that it was easier to clean.  oball needs to make its toys so you can immerse them in water."
"a cute beach bag for a little girl. i purchased it for $7.99 when it was on sale, there's no way i would pay the normal price which was around $26 though."
"i had hesitated to get this for my sine but i'm glad i did. the characters are cartoony but recognizable. he loves nemo and to colors mix and match with generic blue top sheets when we have accidents. he doesn't use the comforter much in bed but it's nice to lay out on the floor with when he's watching cartoons. all in all, good for the price."
nice infant bouncer and we love the battery operated motion device. disassembles easily for quick laundering when needed. great deal here with lightning prices.
"bought for my 2 year old. it has stood up well to his abuse after using it for a year.  it doesn't hold all of his toys, but it is awesome for all those smaller things."
though the &#34;mattress&#34; is so thin it really doesn't qualify as a mattress pad. its very cute though. unfortunately you need to pad it with several quilts to make it more comfortable for the baby.
"works all right, but after some time in it the leg skin of the baby turns red, as if it was cramped; however, the baby never complained, and we feel she was actually very comfortable while in the sling.  the fabric feels soft on the baby, but rough enough to hold her without fear of breaking.  the color is very cool, definitely draws compliments from acquaintances.<br /><br />overall, we recommend this product."
"when i received this product, my wife and i were trying anything to keep our new baby sleeping.  we thought a sound and light machine would be good and since our baby had already (unfortunately) become interested in the tv, we thought the moving lights combined with white noise would be great.  when we first got the product, the projector didn't move but it seemed that the light above her bed was good enough, and we were too exhausted to consider sending the product back.  i didn't even remember that it was supposed to move.  one night i forgot that the sound was noise-activated and couldn't figure out why the damn machine kept turning back on, and threw it across the room in a frustrated rage.  what a miracle!  the lights began to rotate!<br /><br />it worked how it was supposed to for about two months then the projector stopped rotating again.  if your main interest in this product is the moving light show, i'd avoid it.  but it's been working great as a white noise machine for me, and the noise has good volume control."
"this is a very cute nightlight that definitely does its job. my only complaint is that it is very bright and my son wakes up to it too often. i don't use it anymore but have it stored it away for future purposes. it was a good price so i can't say that my money went to waste. i would recommend this to anyone who wants a well lit room with a vibrant, decorative piece."
"we did quite a bit of shopping around for baby monitors before our first child arrived.  we have been very happy with our purchase.  there are 2 different options for listening - you can have the listening piece on at all times - hearing everything that is taking place in your baby's room; or you can have the &#34;voice activated&#34; feature on - which only turns on when the baby makes noise - it's a very nice feature.  there are also a few different volume levels, and the louder or more noise there is in the baby's room, the more lights show up.  the battery life is pretty good - probably lasts a few days, as long as you don't keep it on 24/7.  there's also an adapter available that re-charges the device - and you can leave it plugged in at all times if need be.  our only complaint is there is occasionally quite a bit of feedback if a computer, cell phone, or any electronic device is too close to the monitor which can be a bit annoying.  overall - very happy with the product and would recommend it to anyone."
great and good value for the price but make sure set it correctly on the first try or it's really hard to reset it.
this isn't the cadillac of car seats and we did not intend it to be. it is great for transporting our grandchild to the sitters and back. i do like that it is easy to adjust the straps for the clothes she is wearing.  the down side as others have pointed out is that the straps do twist easily.
"really brighten up a child's room. easy instructions to follow. however, these do not stick on textured walls and after putting them up, came back the next morning to find them peeling and had to use glue dots to keep them in place."
baby sleeps comfortably in this cosy sleeper. only change i would make is to extend the mesh portion of the bedding a little lower so that if baby manages to get against it fabric would not effect babys ability to breath easily.  it is great for letting baby sleep near you while working or watching tv.
great product. but i missed the information about how to sterilise it. it was not available on the cart of the product.
"this does the job.  nothing fancy.  simply stack your bottles, nipples, and other baby feeding items on the tray after cleaning.  it is angled back a bit to allow for water to drain properly.  we do not use the tray in a stacked format.  when it is stacked, you cannot get at the lower tray.  we have them sitting side by side to give us twice the space.  perfect."
"this thermometer is accurate, but it takes a very long time to finish, and there is no beep to let you know it has finished taking your temperature.  to get around this annoyance, i put the thermometer in when my alarm goes off and hit snooze for 10 minutes.  when the alarm comes on again, i check the temperature and record it.  hopefully 10 minutes is a long enough time for it to reach the peak temperature!"
great item. my son uses this all the time. put a bit of the baby paste on there and he goes to town. he is one year old and had used this since about 3-4 months. he will use it till the rest of his teeth come in amd he needs a real brush.
"Delivered fast, great customer service, excellent product. Would recommend to anyone and everyone! My daughter loves holding onto her little pink bear."
We have been back and forth about using a soothie/pacifier as we don't want her to become dependent on one. She prefers these over &#34;normal&#34; pacifiers though. She's still not a total fan but she's a kinda picky baby anyway (has been mostly breastfed)
these are NOT NEWBORN SIZE.  works with 1 month and up.  these are our twin girls' 2nd favorite pacifier.  i like the fact that they're easy to clean and cannot trap water inside the &#34;nipple&#34;
bwaahhaahhaaa these are going to be a funny stocking stuffer this year!  Must take a picture for use later in life for the baby.
"these no scratch mittens serve their purpose, which is to keep my newborn son from scratching his face. i like the fact these are white, so they can be easily washed and they coordinate with different outfits."
They are easy to handle. He finds them and plays with them or puts them in his mouth. I like them cause I can tie a clip string so we don't loose them when we r out. I also like the translucency because I take a lot of pict of my son and you can still see his features versus the non transparent pacifiers. I have it a four because the oval colors need to be brighter so they can be easier for baby to see and find.
"the photograph is spot on and it does fit my britax car seat.  why do i give this bag a 4 star rating after only one use on a short haul flight from guam to tokyo the edging on the bag has a hole, already.  not happy, i am a single mom and on a tight budget and at least once and or twice a year travel on the plane and so this does not make me happy."
"these are great to label containers with home made baby food. they come in sheets with different colors- green, blue, yellow, orange, red. there are at least 2 of each color, 6 labels per sheet. i use different colors for different days that i make the food and freeze. you could also use for diff food types like veggies, fruit etc. they peel off great too."
"for the price, it was pretty good.  it does pull down on the shoulders quite a bit.  so good for short term wears.  i made a video review of it if you would like to see how it works http://youtu.be/p5honchd2x0"
"Great pacis, they hold up well and don't get sticky with use.  I do not like that soapy water gets in it, but I just put it underwater with clean water and suck that up and then squeeze on the &#34;nipple&#34; part to shoot it back out.  These are my kid's preferred paci; she'll spit out the Avents or the Soothies."
"this is a nice sturdy chair and looks great.  i love how it's so easy to clean.  the only problems i have had is that if i don't strap the child in they can wriggle out the back for fun or stand up in the chair.  also, i am constantly jamming my toe on it because if it's wide base.  make sure to check the measurements of your table with the chair height to make sure it will fit under the stable.  i am very happy with my purchase."
"my little girl loves it, but i did notice the battery died pretty quickly and it is a pain to unscrew the battery compartment, so i haven't used it in almost three months because of that...."
"100 is not as much as you'd think it would be. there was no bag or container that came with it, it's just a box full of balls. kids loved it"
"bought this wet bag for my new grandbaby. my daughter-in-law really likes it. my only complaint is it could be a bit bigger, as it ends up needing to hold more than a wet diaper, but often soiled clothes, too."
"very good monitor.  it has 2 functions that are really good.  it shuts off the sound and picture after a while and when it senses sound, starts them back up.  this is nice in a dark bedroom.  i no longer have to sleep next to a bright light and the constant sound of static.  very good range, i am able to go to the opposite side of the house and still see the baby asleep.  the only thing that could be better is the stand on the back.  its kind of flimsy and every time i pull it out i feel as though it will break."
"this is relatively easy to use and the result is nice. they send you everything you need for the project. i made an impression of my baby's hand and his foot quickly and relatively easily (it took two tries, but the clay didn't harden up as i rolled it out for the second attempt). they weren't perfect, but i wasn't about to torture him to get it exactly right. the impression is shallow, not deep, and looks pretty much exactly as it's pictured."
"highly durable, hold up well in the dishwasher.  these are pretty long lasting, especially in the hands of a 1-2 year old who constantly drops and/or bites the spout."
these are super absorbent. i doubled one if these with a microfiber insert for nighttime and it works like a charm without the bulk of two microfiber inserts. these cannot be used alone in a pocket diaper because they are too narrow and you can have some leaks on the sides. they are also very soft so they may bunch up a bit.  they take forever to dry.
"its exactly what they say it is in the description. m.y daughter loves it, and the disconnecting table top makes cleaning a breeze"
"the motorola digital audio baby travel monitor<br /><br />pros:<br />no batteries<br />easy to use<br /><br />cons:<br />not very loud<br /><br />wish:<br />either a louder speaker on the receiver or a more sensitive microphone on the transmitter. unfortunately, where my baby sleeps isn't near a power outlet. the closest one is 5-6 feet away near the floor. at this range, i can barely pick up any cries unless he goes all out; by then it takes a while to calm him back down. i picked this up for its digital clarity (and it is clear!), but unfortunately it's too soft for my needs.  i have an older sony monitor that was far louder/sensitive running on batteries; if only it was digital and static free.<br /><br />for most people, this monitor will live up to expectations."
"these pretty much do what they are designed to do. they hold heat for the whole 20 min i need them to. some people have mentioned that they take much longer to warm up than instructed. when i first got them i thought so too, until i realized that they feel much warmer when i am wearing them than when i am holding them in my hand. 20 seconds (950 watt) each is all they need. at first the edges still feel cold, but if you squish them a bit they even out and are the perfect temp. i haven't tried cooling them. as for shape- they are more of a fat c shape than o. they come in soft cotton covers that snap on the ends. this works great for pumping. however, they are a bit bulky, so you mostly have to snap them off to make sure you are centered. i have had them about a week (pumping exclusively)and they are working perfectly. i will update if they disintegrate or pop open."
"i bought this for my 5 month old son, who doesn't seem to like being in his car seat.  it keeps him entertained for a few minutes before he gets bored.  i think it's pretty cool though, and it is super easy to connect to his infant car set (chicco keyfit 30).  i only wish there was a way to use it on his convertible carseat, which we will begin using in the next month or two."
"i used this to keep my cat out of the kitchen cabinets. she kept opening the cabinets and crawling into the drawer above it. she would get fur all over our utensils. now, she is unable to actually open the cabinets. the adhesive is super strong. i worry that it will peel off part of the cabinet when i take it off. i will find out when i move out..."
These are great for they make my kid sleep<br />They're specially designed to sleep to go deep<br />Just kidding but they are really nice<br />For the glow in the dark part makes it worth the price<br /><br />But mind you it's for kids starting at 6 months. The Only thing I don't like is that there is a right side up in this one as part of he plastic is lower for the nose. If it's upside down it might not be good for the child as it Might obstruct breathing.
"I like this wubbanub, but not as much as the giraffe. The legs on this one don't lie as flat, so its doesn't stay in like the other one, but its still better than the regular binky and its still super cute!"
I like this model. My son has not taken to it.<br />I like that it will universally fit any binky with. It's washable. No button eyes.<br />It's perfect.<br />I will keep trying to get my son to like it. It will make a nice transitional object when it's time to get rid of the binky.
i really liked these.  they were just tr right size for the crib and were really soft.  they were padded enough for put needs.  i liked that the strings were padded.
"this is a good, insulated sipper cup for 12-24 month old children.  i would advise to hand wash the plastic spout.  i have three of these cups and usually washed them in the dishwasher.  the heat cycle can dry out the plastic, causing it to crack and leak.  it would be nice if they sold the plastic spout replacements by themselves.  otherwise, its a nice cup, fits in the child's hand well and does not leak."
None available.
"easy to clean , durable art work ,  vibrant colours , these were a gift for a friend and they thoroughly enjoyed them"
i like the design (simple and clean) and the size but i do wish it was just a little bit bigger so it can hold some more of my child's bath toys. i prefer the bucket design vs a net which i see a lot of online. it sticks to the wall with 4 adhesives but i don't know how strong they are since i've only put it up for 1 day so i'll have to wait and see.
"love this set! a previous poster said the spoon was too big for his child's mouth. my 17 month old daughter has had no trouble using it. it's easy for her to grab and maneuver. i always wash it by hand, so no comments on how it does in a dishwasher. the only problem so far is that the aqua part of the handle has become a little stained orange after a particularly messy meal. love it otherwise!"
first of all do not be intimidated by other reviews. i received this package sooner than expected. i ordered on a sunday received by wednesday. the box is extremely heavy but i just had the delivery man bring it inside and i opened it and we carried it in pieces up the steps instead of trying to just carry a long heavy box.<br /><br />hubby told me to wait until he got home to try to assemble but of course i was too anxious and decided i would just organize the pieces for him. i layed everything out and the only hardware i used was a phillips screw driver and a hammer. i didn't need a flat head and i didn't know what the other driver even was and i made out fine. i started to then do step one just trying to help him out ;) but it turned into a 2 hour project i completed on my own 6 months pregnant with twins. if i can do it single handedly i can't imagine it taking 2 people so much time and effort.<br />i can say i gave this product 4 stars simply for the direction confusion with certain parts. everything is nicely labeled however i did lots of flipping through the book to figure out which side or end i was suppose to be working on for some of the double sided pieces. it was a little frustrating but the book visuals flipping back and fourth i was able to figure it out.<br /><br />this didn't seem as sturdy when i completed majority of the steps but after i put on the back (which is just cardboard) it held everything in place perfectly.  it also has a safeyly feature that allows you to attach it to the wall so little ones can't pull it over.<br /><br />once assembled i did notice the door had about a fingertip gap between the shut door and the middle of the armoire. however the hinge is adjustable to make the door come out further but in my opinion its a saftey feature that doesn't allow little fingers to get punched if they shut it on their own. it does have little plastic stoppers that to door rests on once closed and it did make a little sound when we would closeit but what i did was used the anti scratch felt pieces for the bottom (since we have carpet) and stuck them on the 3 plastic pieces and no more noise. the drawers also do seem to  \\stick\\  a little to go in because the tracking is a plastic piece as opposed to metal tracking but again i chalk it up to a saftey feature because it would make it hard for such little fingers to close it themselves. its definetly not something to complain about in my opinion. another thing we just recently did was we took out the top drawer in the closed cabinet and bought an adjustable bar at the local hardware store and made it into a mini closet perfect for hanging our little twins baby clothes. i am extremely happy with this purchase and i love how \\baby proof\\ it is. we have 3 other children that sort of tried this out and its held up great. it comes with a little touch up marker and i unfortunately dropped a piece and made a small scratch and it covered it perfectly. only bad thing i could possibly say about this is the direction confusion on double sided pieces but it doesn't take a genius to figure it out just a few extra minutes. even if you do put it together on the wrong side (i am guilty) its easily fixed once you get to the step where you realize you made the mistake. just upset that it wasnt labeled like an a side or b side it would have made things much easier. over all the finished product is amazing and we couldn't be happier. i had it assembled and filled before hubby got back and he was impressed with my craftsman ship :) i highly recommend this product!
"i was a bit skeptical trying these, but decided to go for it and didn't regret a bit. first, the negative: just like most reviews state, the \\hole\\ is smaller than genie brand. i don't understand why they did it, but it makes it a bit more inconvenient to use. however, it doesn't diminish its functionality and is really not a big deal once you get used to it.<br /><br />the positives:<br />1. the film is thinner than genie but i have yet to have one rip on me. this is probably how they fit more film in one roll, but it works great.<br />2. they seem to be holding the smell better, which is a major plus for me. no matter what the marketing says about these genies, they stink! these bags make the difference!<br />3. price - not much to say here. they are cheaper, not by much, but you get better value for less money."
I liked these pacifiers because they seem to be starter pacifiers for newborns.  They seem to be closer in shape to the nipple of the breast than the regular pacifiers.
"The shape is great, easy to clean, but it has a taste to it.  My baby doesn't like pacifiers at all, so I ended up not using it."
"Our baby loves these and we think they're great. I like having these around since they're easier to find than just the pacifier, and our baby likes them since he likes to hold onto it.  A great buy!"
"My daughter seems to prefer these pacis.  We'd tried everything out there but this was her favorite.  I agree with other reviewers, I wish you could a color or at least a color style.  I ended up with two of the clear outside, white/yellow and white/blue insides.  While I don't mind the colors, I would have prefered a set of the fully colored ones shown in the Amazon picture as the clear ones are pretty hard to locate around my house.  But the pacis themselves are very nice."
Love these little pacifier holders. The make it easy for babies to hold it and they have a wide selection.
"This pacifier has been the only one has work for my baby. I tried every single brand before this one and he will not take the pacifier (other than to play with it for few seconds and then spit it out). This pacifiers are soft. They are not pretty, but is the only thing he will use instead of his thumb. The only downside is that you need to change them often, as the rubber sticks easily and they look old soon. So I've been using them for 1 to 2 months at a time. Worth the money!"
This bought item only can for personal use. Want send as gift bit difficult as have packaging defect.<br />Hope can get goods in nice packaging in future
When she is fussy between feedings and tired this is the only pacifier she will take. It has neen a great help.
my daughter loves the bed. i thought the quality could have been a bit better to achieve a higher weight limit to the bed. my son likes to get in the bed and sit with his sister and the combined weight of the two is higher than the beds actual limit of 50 lbs.
"as far as the aesthetics of this hamper, i like it. the fabric is not the same on the top cover and the front. the top cover is corduroy and the front is a velour/velveteen so the colors do not match exactly, but i like it. because the tones are different and monochromatic, it makes it much easier for me to put the room together without having to purchase a matching set and be stuck with only that set. i can now mix and match the room more easily for an eclectic design.<br /><br />the frame is really lightweight and my daughter knocks over the hamper easily when she tries to use it to stand up. the interior has a handy removable mesh bag with handles to bring the laundry to the laundry room. the mesh bag is rather flimsy, but it does the job. it was a happy bonus to the purchase."
"i love it!!!! i use it all the time, i would recommend it. it is esay to move it around ."
"i love this item!  i only wish it was a little snugger on my coffee table, but i think that is because my coffee table is an odd size.  but my son can hit it head on without crying and he's enjoying the colors and animals!"
very big and roomy lots of pockets good material. adjustable strap. like the double zipper have had lots of compliments
"I have had no problems with these NUK pacifiers. My daughter took right to them and has used them for quite some time now. I love the colors that they came in. We ended up with a pink and a purple. My only complaint is that sometimes when you rinse them, water gets caught in the silicone."
"I like these more than my baby does.  He's not a fan of the rubbery taste, but likes to chew on them."
Cute wubbanub. It was just a little too big and my son didn't like this as much as the puppy and duck one.
"Product is cute. My daughter is 3 months old. She might like it when she gets older, but right now she doesn't find it entertaining."
"Bought a few as gifts. So funny, I just hope there isn't some Chinese chemical recall on these! BPA-Free I doubt it..."
Philips pacifiers are cheaper than the other brands so I bought them for my daughter.  My daughter has been using these for a month now and I'm happy with the quality of the product.
"There is nothing like the smell of a little green hospital paci. They come smelling like vanilla and anytime I get a whiff of a little hospital paci it takes me right back to when my babies were newborn. I have to stop talking about it or I am gonna start wanting another one... lol. but, really, these pacis are always what my babies preferred and, being the paranoid mom that I am, its what I preferred to because they are all one piece and you don't have to worry about the nipple coming apart and causing them to choke on it. The only complaint I have about these is that, since they are round, when they drop they can roll FOREVER!! if you are at home its not such a big deal but I have had to practically crawl under a car in the Wal-Mart parking lot to retrieve one. That's not real cool... ecspecially when you have a baby crying at the same time.<br />Also, I should clarify... the only ones that smell like vanilla are the ones that come straight from the hospital. the ones you find in the stores are unscented. Which is probably better anyways."
Love the mommy bears! The womb sound is a comfort for for baby and soon the whole house will sleep to the wooshing sound! I bought one for my son 12 years ago and have given one to every new baby in our family since. It has a sleep timer and shuts off by itself after a while. Great for every baby and family!
this diaper bag has so many pockets with zippers and without for great storage of baby stuff on the go!
i have purchased 3 of these. the hold up well. the cushions come off easily for cleaning. lots of places to adjust for proper fit.
they catch food but are not water proof.  which is fine with me.  they do what i need them to do.
i like 4mom products.  they cost a bit more --- but they are very parent friendly and child friendly.  i really like the digital read-out.
"i had to drill 4 new holes in order to make the conversion kit hardware fits the head and foot boards.overall the kit arrive fast and in perfect condition, drilling the holes was piece of cake.<br />just make sure to get your own screws, went to home depot and got hex cap head screws, those let you assembly the bed perfectly sturdy."
It is great to have the monkey attached. I wish that there was a way to detach and reattach the pacifier.I am just sad that my little one doesn't want a pacifier.
"I bought this for my little girl (1st baby). Originally I did not want to use a pacifier, but after a week at home I realized it would only help both of us since she needed to suck to soothe before falling asleep. After trying a couple different pacifiers and nipple shapes, I realized she liked Soothie pacis best.<br /><br />I really loved the little elephant and honestly thought we would be able to replace the pacifier part, unfortunately that is not the case. Still I thought it was so cute!! Also, when I swaddled her for nap time it really helps being able to just lay the stuffed animal on her chest while I rock her to sleep. When she spits it out it does not fall to the ground or tugs and swings off like when I use to use pacifier clips. Will buy again when it's time for a new one!!"
"It's pricey - but I knew that going in.  I wish the bulb was bigger, but she's doing okay with it."
"My daughter not only loves the pacifier, but she loves to suck on the legs too. Love how it stays close to her mouth."
It was cute I don't think it will matter one way other to my granddaughter. I did think it is exactly like the picture.
this pad is nothing fancy but it works great with my changing table & it cleans up really easily. i would purchase again.
"this item was purchased from a list for a relative's baby shower.  cute item, i made sure to get what they wanted."
"great little seat, my 5 month old loves it. we strap it onto a chair sometimes and use it while feeding him (we just started rice cereal). he has lots of fun in it and the two little bowl/cup things are great because they can be pulled out. i gave it 4 stars because it would be nice if the tray part on the front could attach on without the rest of the tray and all the toys on the side, like the bumbo tray, but it doesn't. that being said, i still like it better than the bumbo because my little guy got stuck in that and he fits just fine in this with room to grow, and it has a lot more functionality than the bumbo."
"as the only option i found that was lead/latex/bad chemical free option, i bought this even though it did not have stellar reviews. turns out, for us, this mat is great!  it was smelly out of the tube, but we just let it air out in the bathroom with the fan on for a week, and the smell is mostly gone. we're using the mat in our metal kitchen sink (also known as &#34;the baby bath&#34;), and all the suction cups worked great, on the bottom and up the sides, for good cushion. the little man not only didn't slide into the water or bump his head, but he even had enough traction to pull himself up to standing with some help from the dish rack.  the little toys are cute, but too hard for the little man to grab right now. soon though, and he certainly tried to get them."
very cute cover.  it fits perfectly to totally protect the seat .  would recommend it for any little dora fans
really helps keep the intentions off the leather seats. design allows seat belt to easily come through slits i. the cover.
works as advertised. the extra piece to widen it is handy. only opens in 1 direction. the screw on door jab pads are nice too.
"its ok, but again. is that another knockoff ?????? i have another rocker by fisher price like this given to us by our friend &#34;elephant friends&#34;, but it didn't have toys attachment on it so we order another rocker and its totally made different. new one looks a little cheap made, lighter through which could be a good thing. the sit is not deep enough . it just looks like manufacturer used less material for a new rocker to safe some money on production?!?"
"my son is only 18 months and not quite ready, but we are! so we sit him down a couple times a day or when we notice he has to go poo and he has managed to sit long enough for a couple successes. the pour feature isn't really critical for poos but it looks like it will make clean up easier when he uses it for pee. he likes it and wants to play with it and seems comfortable sitting on it too. looked small when we opened the box but no complaints yet. we'll see what happens when he gets a little bigger."
It's hilarious when my baby is sucking on this bc the mustache wiggles. My only improvement would be that the mustache sticks out a little far and makes it easy for the pacifier to pop out or for baby to grab it by accident.
This is adorable and fits in the baby's room theme. It is practical also. It keeps the pacifier in place for the baby. I would recommend it. Comes in other varieties of animals.
"I bought this when there was a promotion going on, really a good buy! My toddler likes them very much."
"the making of this is a bit off on the leverage, and does seem fragile, however... it works great! it locks in well and keeps my puppy contained. i recommend this to small puppy owners!"
i was not paying attention to what i was ordering this product. the baltic amber was exactly as described but i soon realized that it was not exactly what i was looking for.
"Our baby loves her wubanub, and the giraffe is super cute. The only thing I don't like about it is that the paci doesn't come off so I can't sterilize it or put it in the dishwasher. So for now I just scrub it real well with soap regularly. So far I haven't had any issue."
"This pacifier is super cute. It's hard to sterilize though and if you're worried about thrush you are going to go nuts if your kid gets really attached to this. Best bet is to see if they like the avent SOOTHIES. If yes, then they will probably love this. If no, then they will probably hate it."
"very cute, was a gift & the soon to be parents thought it was a nice gift. I would get them again for a gift."
"I love these pacifiers more than any other brand. My babies seem to like these pacifiers more too., they will not take other pacifiers. I think its because they are so easy for infants to handle."
"this works great for my toddler and infant. the adapter and carseat attached very easily, i just had to make sure i had all the pieces in the right places! :)"
"this is a good bib - keeps mess away and easy to clean, just run it under warm water with some soap. never had staining on them. but when we first started using it, our 6 mth old would often push his chin all the way down and bite it - we didn't snap it on tightly around his neck because it isn't comfortable. it took some time for him to get used to it.<br /><br />update: after more than 2 months, our baby now leaves the bib alone and it now works great! easy to clean too. there is some staining from certain food like squash, sweet potato, carrot etc though."
"our baby loves this, even from the first time we put him in. he loves the spinning sun and really enjoys jumping in it. it keeps him occupied long enough for me to get some things done in the kitchen while watching him."
"i chose 4 stars because the bed itself is nice; however it came with defective parts. we had to call the company and request for new parts. they said 3-5 business days and after contacting them 1 week later they said they were just putting it in the mail.  some parts of the bed are scratched. at this point, i am just keeping it because it is already buit and it would be difficult to return it.<br /><br />on the bright side, my son loves the bed and the railings on the side are nice. he still falls off the bed but i am sure not as much as he would have if the rails were not there!<br /><br />all in all pretty nice bed for the price but service was less than par."
"I know it said &#34;sport may vary&#34;...but I thought since all the pictures on the sites showed two different sports and that is how they would be packaged,but we received two soccer balls still high quality pacifier but not what I expected!"
"As some of the other reviews have already stated they don't glow as long as I would like.  But, after you first &#34;charge them&#34; over a light bulb they glow super bright and my son loves them.  Though the manufacturer does not recommend it, I do leave them in the windowsill on occasion which also helps keep their glow.  Bottom line they make it easy to find them in the middle of the night (I throw a few in my sons crib) and having them helps soothe him to sleep.  I will continue to buy them for gifts in the future."
"We like these pacifiers. We've used them with both our children. With our oldest it seemed like we bought 3 or 4 different brands/styles & the only one he liked was the Avent Soothie. So for our daughter we knew right away which pacifiers would be the best!! They're lightweight, a great shape/fit, & easy to clean. What I don't like is that there isn't a hole for her pacifier clip (so the Gumdrop pacifier are another great option)."
My son loves his pacifiers & we found out that AVENT seems to be the best.  The product holds up well after many uses.
"I tried and tried and my kid would not take this pacifier. Seems like a good design I thought it would work but maybe he's just not a pacifier baby. Minus one star because its harder to clean, can't find it any other store, and only seens to come in green and blue on Amazon."
Great product for a true New England Patriots fan. I know it's good if the wifey approves of it. Go PATS!
"I am giving this product 4 stars for now until I actually have a chance to use it.  Otherwise, I love the concept of keeping the pacifier cleaner.  I will have to report back in a few months with an update.  Smiles..."
these were a baby gift and have not heard anything from the baby to make sure they are working fine
This a great product. Unfortunately my daughter doesn't like it very much. But is is exactly as described and I would recommend for anyone whose baby is using pacifiers.
"I love these bottles for the fact that it makes it easier for the baby to latch on because the nipples are shaped like a mother's. They do have a tendency to leak or dip, but that if u don't have all the parts on just right... other than that I love them and have even bought some for a friends baby shower..."
Bought these for my daughter who is 7 months. They are great! I love the stylish designs that they came in. The only thing that keeps this from getting 5 stars is that water seems to get trapped in the nipple part and it is hard to get out.
My wife says it makes me look silly but what the heck - Okay I share it with my grand daughter
my grandson liked it some....it is cute and did not cover his mouth like some bigger ones. you could still see his beautiful face with it in his mouth.
Love this! It makes the ugly pacifiers look nice! It is about the size of the ty beanie babies. The only thing I do not like about this is the pacifier part. The pacifier is a circle that has no cut out for the nose but for the price of this I made my daughter get use to it now she uses it all the time. She got it when she was a couple weeks old and she is now 2 months.
"They support the team, but also have these little nubs that feel good on my 6 week old grandson's gums. these are his favorite. Only a 4, because it seems after a couple washes, the team emblem could be coming off. As long as no more comes off, I recommend them."
"My kid loves wubbanubs.  I received a frog one for my baby shower, and, even though my little boy doesn't rely too much on comfort sucking, he really appreciates having the frog around, so I bought him a little giraffe that could stay in his nursery for when he is soothing himself to sleep.  He almost never uses the pacifier , but loves to chew the side.  He also loves to study the faces and then, naturally, he needs to eat the faces...because that's just what babies do :)  This is a great addition to a baby shower gift, in my opinion!"
"It was a present to a friend of mine so I can't say the way it performs, but it looks funny."
"This product is ADORABLE and I love it just for that.  I bought it for my 3 month old because she was waking several times during naps for her binky and I thought maybe this would help.  So far I think she is just too little as she lacks the coordination to actually make her hands work exactly how she would like, so she ends up accidentally pulling out the WubbaNub more often than she is able to get it to her mouth on her own. I think in a couple of months she will definitely have the hang of it since it's obvious she gets the idea that giraffe = binky! :)"
My baby loved her &#34;Ellie&#34;. She hated being in her carseat and the wubbanub soothed her to sleep every time. The elephant is adorable.
Well not sure what the baby would say but since she seems to enjoy the pacifier I would have to give this a pretty good rating.  Her Mom also bought the other animal too!
i found that only these pacifiers kept my babes happy. the latex was more pleasing to them over plastic.  now i am buying for my grand kids and they to love them.
"i bought a different stroller before my baby was born, which was so bulky i could not carry it, especially after having a c section. i bought this stroller coz its light weight. it's amazing and comfortable for the baby. only problem is u have to buy extra organizer and snack tray which wud actually make the stroller costlier than they list because u cannot live without those two. also the storage space below the seat is small and my diaper bag can never fit there. but still i love this lightweight stroller, which makes life much easier."
Such a cute calendar.  Wish it had more variety of stickers for different occasions.  It definitely helps me keep up with all of his milestones.
I wanted to switch my baby from the Ecopiggies to Natursutten but she just wouldn't have it. The Ecopiggies are hollow in the middle and have a hole so they are super soft to suck on. These on the other hand have the little hole in the middle plugged up making the pacifier a bit stiffer. It is nice thought that water (and germs) don't get in there like it does inside the Ecopiggies. Babies are all different and I wish I had introduced these pacifiers before the Ecopiggies.
"Our first baby would only use the Nuk pacifiers and was very happy with them. I ordered the blue ones for our baby boy to be born in a couple weeks, however received pink ones in the mail. Now I have to return them."
"I have another brand that won't lock shut and opens all the time and the pacifiers fall out this one is great I can fit two soothie pacifiers in it and I know if won't open, it takes a little force to get it open but I'd rather it be a lil tough than too loose and opening all the time. Overall I have three of these and I love them."
"It's a good pacifier, quality! I bought it for my 6m nephew. I'm sure he will like it. He already have this kind of pecifier."
"this is a good, sturdy pack n' play.  i purchased a mattress and organic cotton sheet to go with it so my grandchild has a place to sleep when she is visiting.  it can be packed away in a small space and/or easily transported.  as she gets older, we have discovered that there are many things you can do with a quality pack n' play like this.  for example, fill it with balls, for a ball pit."
"baby mostly loves to chew these, but that's just kind of where he's at right now.<br /><br />i feel like most bath toys (not just these) are water scoops, and there's sort of limited amusement in that. but they're cute, and the little wheel is fun to spin for baby, who's really amused by it."
"this toy is easy for an infant to hold; however, i have gotten several comments that it looks like a cat toy."
My new grandson is going to look adorable ... if he will take a pacifier. His mother didn't. We'll see.
my son has a neurogenic bladder and hoards his pee.  this insert usually keeps him from leaking.  the only problem i find with it is that it is hard to get in the diaper with a wiggling three year old.  it would be awesome if it had tape to keep things in place.
good product.  quite useful & helpful.  easy to use.  i would recommend this product to anyone buying a digital audio monitor.
"I thought it would be a little bigger, but still very cute, very soft. I can't wait to have my lo so I can see her using it."
"I bought this days before my second son was due. It came the day we had him! I wanted something that was *orthodontic*, and also comparable to the soothie (large base that grazes the nose). My first son was a soothie kid, and we will have the Ortho bill to prove it later on. Since I paid so much for this, I wanted very much for my newborn to take to it. Turns out, he prefers, if at all, the Avent air flow (also available for purchase on Amazon). Truth is, my six-week-old just isn't the pacifier-loving kid my first born was. So, I suppose it would have been good to try two years ago! I would suggest trying this one though (I'm a dental assistant, and would recommend you ALWAYS try the orthodontic pacifier before you pop the soothie in your infants' mouth). $9 or$10 is a small price to pay to avoid thousands of dollars in orthodontic bills in their teenage years! And the facts that this one is all natural and has a large round base that touches the nose, much like the breast does during feeding, are just more reasons to give this pacifier a shot. I gave four stars because I didn't end up getting much use out of my investment."
"I was pretty happy when I received the pacipals plush doggie. My baby is 3 months old only likes MAM pacifiers, so we also bought the pacifier adapter. The dog is a nice size. I do wish it was a little bit heavier, but it does the job. It's great for car trips - he tends to spit his pacifier out a lot. It helps by keeping the pacifier up near his mouth so he can get it back in easier. If for some reason he pushes the paci/dog away, it's also easier for us to find while we're driving. No more flailing and digging to find it for him while he's crying in the back seat. :)"
"bought this because i love green sprouts products, but am not super thrilled with this.  doesn't stay frozen for very long -- 2 hours tops in hot weather."
excellent for picnic or the beach. water resistant and can easily folded up into a pouch for easy transportation. the size is pretty good for a couple and a baby
"the chair arrived yesterday, much to my surprise, as i wasn't expecting it for another week! from the look of the box i thought there must be some assembly needed because it seemed a bit short. upon openeing the box it was actually all intact and though short and small, i was happy with it's size since our nursery is small and let's face it i'm short so it works perfectly and is very comfortable. so far, i would highly recommend this chair!"
when i took this step stool out of the box my husband said there is no way that will be high enough.  i bought it for my 2 year old twins to be able to wash their hands at our bathroom sink.  it does look small but we tried it and it was the perfect height for my boys and they love the independence it gives them.  this being said our house is older and we have lower sinks than in newer homes. i can see where it would be too low for higher sinks.
"i like this, but i didn't like that it was a separate purchase from the stroller, but i loved the stroller overall. ah well. but in general, i live that it has a cup spot bc it is helpful to put the sipper cup in there. and it's not sliding around. t also comes undone pretty easy. the one major con which is why i gave it four instead of five stars is that i can not put the car seat in the stroller if this is on. sometimes if my son is sleeping i might just throw the car seat in the stroller but i have to remove the tray and reinsert the pieces to hold the seat. it's just cumbersome. i know this is not the case with other strollers."
really cute. good quality. i guess i was expecting it to be more like a suitcase (sturdier with internal pockets) and less like a backpack on wheels but it works.
like to product but its not like a real sippy cup where if they throw it on the ground it doesn't leak water out the top. children don't have to squeeze down or suck on the spout to make the water come out.. comes out by itself.
i have 2 chins that get into everything and one has the ability to get in where she doesn't belong this is the only thing she hasn't been able to get through
"we liked that it has soccer balls, our son loves it because it makes noise and it is brightly colored. thanks."
"we have only used this a few times, but after spending $$$ on a stroller, why chance it with the airlines.  the stroller itself (wheels) are pretty easy to remove to fit in the case.  overall, great to have for peace of mind that your stroller will probably be ok when you land."
"both of my kids have sound machines in their rooms, which can be a pain to pack for travel. that is where this steps in. the only downside is that you have to remove the batteries when packing.  i wish there was a switch on this machine, and not just a button. the button turns on too easily... but overall, i love this little sound machine..."
"i've been slowly introducing my daughter to the potty and even though she's showed interest for quite some time now, it had never really clicked on a potty chair. so i decided to get her a potty adjuster seat. as soon as she sat on it she peed. we were both very excited and now the learning continues.<br />the seat fits well, but does not completely adjust. this means that i need to sit her and lift her every time she goes to the bathroom. she cannot get off by herself or the seat slides to the side and she can fall. if she moves around while sitting on it, the seat can move too. i don't mind as this is a learning tool for her and i will buy an adjuster with a stepping stool or latter of sorts pretty soon. so far i've always been in the bathroom with her while she uses it.<br />i think the price is wonderful for the tool. it's sturdy plastic and the handles are great. i'm considering buying another one for upstairs."
"my son loved playing with each part separately, except for the starfish. he still has a hard time trying to grasp it's awkwardly large shape at 9 months old. he seemed most fascinated by the bowl. his favorite parts are the crab and the oyster. he likes crinkling the crab & chews on the oyster. all of the fish can go in the wash (laundry) without any problems, but the bowl is harder to clean. i like that the fabrics are vibrant. the fish are great toys for the car. this was best when our son was around 6 months old. he seems more interested in harder wooden or plastic toys right now, but he still occasionally goes back to this."
these diapers are really cute but leak through the pull but if you change in a timelyammer they work great
"this is the third diaper bag that i have purchased. i like this particular bag because it has so many pockets. i am easily able to find items because everything has a place that it belongs. i was not sure if there were going to be enough but it really does the job well. the front pockets are great for my stuff, wallet, cell, gum, chapstick, hand sanitizer, etc. the inside has places for clothing, toys, diapers, etc. the insulated bottle pocket seems to work well. i have yet to really test it over a long period of time but 1-2 hours later my bottles still feel chilled. only negative comment i would make is that the pacifier pocket is a little small. the paci would be pretty squished if i tried to use it and it would protrude."
"My baby likes this pacifier, but then again he is not picky and likes mostly any pacifier. I wish this pacifier came with a lid, something to protect the nipple when the baby is not using it. I've noticed that fabfic partials tend to stick more on this item, maybe because its sticky rubbber? Not sure, but I wish it had a cap like some of the NUK pacifiers have. Other than that , I like it.<br />Don't forget to put the pacifier in boiling water before use.."
"I bought 2 packs about a week apart, both are the light brown/tan color. Our local stores only have tan and blue...I would have loved the yellow pictured, or pink.<br /><br />Great pacifier though, just disappointing that you can't choose your color."
We appreciate how small these are and that there isn't a huge protruding handle on the outside so when he rolls over on his side or belly it isn't jarring. Baby is happy with them. When they fall out of his mouth to the floor the weight of the little knob is such that it usually hits the floor instead of the pacifier itself - clever deign feature.
"no surprises - great product!  exactly as shown.  still in plastic when arrived which is nice.  Care instructions are a bit ambiguous, though."
Beautiful! It seems to be a little harder for the baby to hold on to than the four-legged versions though.
we love this for our 12 month old!  i can pack healthy food for her on the go or for days when she has to go to a back up daycare.  my only gripe is that the lid doesn't stay on tight enough so i put a rubber band around it to secure it a little bit better.
i wasn't sure about this actually working but it really does cut back on the drooling. most people tease about my son wearing it but i noticed when he wears it consistently ( meaning his daddy doesn't take it off :) he doesn't get that red rash around his mouth from the drool.
"i'm only giving it a 4 because it seems my baby loses interest too quickly on the toys, but maybe he's still too little to enjoy it fully.  i love the star which is moveable.  we put it on the car seat and keeps him calm."
"we have twin toddlers and each of them insists on pulling out cords and trying to put them back in. we got this product to help stop that, and it does an amazing job.<br /><br />i have 3 issues with this product, however:<br /><br />1) the cords aren't very easy to slip into the hook that allows them to come out of the cover. not impossible, but there isn't a whole lot of room to twist and slide the cord so it can come out of the cover.<br />2) for bulky plugs (like for baby monitors) the cover doesn't snap on due to the bulk of the plug. also you can't have 2 cords in the outlet (with bulkier plugs). this isn't a dealbreaker, just something i've noticed.<br />3) not all cords are created equal, many have different sizes and shapes. i tried to use this for a surge protector and had to cut the cover so that the hole would be big enough for the thicker, round surge protector cord.<br /><br />those negatives aside, i'm very happy with this product and am ordering more to cover more outlets that the kids get into. even if i have to enlarge the cord hole from time to time, the fact that my kids can't unplug the cords and electrocute themselves gives me an amazing peace of mind!<br /><br />edit: safety 1st does make an outlet cover that will allow surge protectors and other bulky chorded plugs be protected. haven't tried it yet, but i will: http://www.amazon.com/safety-1st-power-strip-cover/dp/b000046s3w/ref=pd_sbs_ba_2"
"no more bending over to hold your baby. this helps save your back.  especially good for grandma so she doesnt have to bend over and dad who is tall.  and helps baby learn how to better balance using her arms without you grabbing her under the armpits. baby has freedom to move and run around and you have peace of mind holding baby safely. if your baby is like mine and is running before learning to walk, this is a good thing to have onhand. it probably isn't something you'll use for a long time because once your baby learns how to balance on her own, you probably won't need this anymore but it will come in handy for a month or two when your baby starts teetering and tottering about.  wish it weren't so pricey though.  that's why i didn't give this 5 stars."
"i mainly use this hands-free pump bra when i want to save time while doing my makeup. it's easy to put on and re-size, comfortable, and holds the pump very sturdy. i would probably use it more often except i need to sometimes squeeze by breasts to get more milk flow and this being on prevents me from doing that. also, sometimes i'm just too lazy to put it on. but for the right price, it's great to have when you want to be doing something while pumping and are trying to be efficient or are just too tired to sit there and hold the pump bottles. have used it a moderate amount since purchased and i'm glad i got it. only wish i purchased it earlier, like in the first month or two after giving birth when i was much more exhausted to pump. overall, great product!"
"we bought this to help our infant daughter fall asleep and she has been sleeping in her own room since was 2 weeks old - with the help of this device. the timer feature is great and the melodies are nice even though i wouldn't mind if never had to hear them again. :-) the sound quality is okay but not great. we have not yet used the projection feature successfully, our daughter seems to be afraid of it (at 12 months). i would buy this again.<br />only con: size! i wish it could also be battery-operated and smaller so i could take it when we travel."
"i did alot of research. bought this one despite the hefty price tag. so glad i did.  it's very sturdy. holds up well to baby's splatter. easily wipes down. has some crevices but not difficult to clean. it takes up a good amount of room due to its wide base so it's not for a small space but it folds and has a huge removeable tray.  plus it reclines!  looks so cozy, i can see why it's called siesta. it's not as difficult to maneuver as some reviewers have said - once you figure out that the back wheels are for steering.  the seat can be hot though during the summer. my baby's hair gets all wet in the back when she's in the chair for too long.  otherwise highly recommend."
"the cover fits good, is easy to clean, does what it needs to do.  great great price too.  i would buy again but this is the only one we will need."
we hang plastic bottles from the petals which allows for better airflow so the bottles get dryer. and you can dry smaller parts inside the petals. we like the stems better than the twigs.
"My boy received a couple from the hospital, where he was delivered.  I guess he's used to it, so we had to get 5 more.  We got a bunch of different type and brand, but these ones seems to stay in his mouth longer.  Six months and still his favorite....maybe it's the color."
"the size is perfect. my daughter is super long and gaining weight rapidly so the changing table on the pnp is starting to buckle a little under her and this worries me. i bought a 2nd hand changing table that is just a little too big for the pad as the pad moves around a little, but the the strap that comes with the pad buckles around the top pf the table and secures it well to keep from moving. my daughter seems comfortable enough."
"i couldn't wait to get the gemini, and i have not been disappointed at all. the only reason i'm giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because sometimes (when my 10 week old falls asleep in it), she doesn't seem to fit as securely/snuggly as i'd like... the side she's leaning toward kind of sticks out of the carrier, so i need to shift her here and there. i bet this will no longer be a problem when she's a bit bigger. it's definitely comfortable to wear otherwise, i like the look of it, and it doesn't hurt my back (a big plus!). i get lots of compliments when i'm wearing the gemini."
"when compare to avent i think the flow is more like a medium flow and the little tube that comes down can be difficult to clean, but otherwise it is a good nipple and it works well with the pura kiki bottles."
really pleased with this - nice design and enough envelopes for a handful of  pictures - probably all they can focus on at a young age anyway.<br /><br />soft but with some crinkly flaps to make it interesting and different material textures.
"as my son got bigger and his new-born sister took over his sunshine radian, a replacement was in order. in steps the clek olli. i went back and forth for awhile, reading reviews from all over about booster safety. after much research, i saw that amazon had a great deal on it and i bought it.  the seat is well constructed and my son says it's very comfortable. i only gave it 4 stars because i have four kids in an '06 honda pilot.  the plan was for his to go in the 3rd row, however, the rigid latch posts, (which make installing fool-proof) don't allow this to go in the latch-less 3rd row.  not a huge issue, as it fits perfectly in the 2nd row and i just moved my other son to the back in his sunshine radian, but the lack of versatility is annoying."
"meh, these are basically what they say they are.  a mat to protect your car seat.  i bought 2 of them.  one is in my car with leather seats and this mat grabs really well and in my opinion may even enhance the stability of my babies car seat.  the other is in my wife's car with cloth seats.  this mat seems to not grip as well on that seat and made installing the car seat more difficult, but not impossible.<br />overall, they do protect the seats of my cars and do perform well and were aa good price."
"I like the dreambaby gate. it is sturdy and the bars are too small for my (not so slim) cat to fit through. It is also thin enough so that she cant jump onto of the gate to get into the baby room.<br /><br />unfortunately, the main gate does not come with a gate hook to leave the gate open when needed. Also, the gate and extensions were a bit difficult to fit together as one of the gates was not properly quality checked and the screw holes were too small and the wrong height. We had a lot of difficulty trying to force the gate to fit together. But once the gate was set up, its good."
"Suddenly at 3 months my baby girl started accepting a pacifier, which was great when she woke in the middle of the night and wasn't hungry, and I could just pop one in her mouth, the only pacifier I had was a newborn smoothie and at 5 months I thought we needed to graduate to a other pacifier. The design is cute, but the second I put it in her mouth, she grabs the handle and rips it out. In the meantime ill keep trying!"
Aside from the fact that the stuffed toy is sewn onto the pacifier it's great for my 3 month old the paci doesn't bounce all over when he spits it out and he can put it back into his own mouth it's easy to find since it really can't fall behind him when he is in a swing or bouncy seat! Plus it's really cute. Wish it could detach from the paci just for better cleaning
"even our dentist is pleased.<br />it makes him so happy indeed!<br />just for naps and night-night and those blue days, too.<br />we think they are the best and it's hard to find the bigger ones in stores"
"My baby doesn't like pacifiers much. She always seems to spit them out, even when she'd like to use it. The WubbaNub helps out a lot. Not only does she like to play with it as a toy, it also helps her keep the pacifier in her mouth, since she can hold onto it."
"Babies love them, parents can find them, cuddle toys and passy in one cute package.  I have purchased over 6 and great shower gifts for expectant Mom's and Dad's"
"Nice quality rubber pacifier. I ordered the rounded size small, it does seem a bit small (meaning short) for my 3 month old; however, he's not too into any pacifier. It's nicely made, though, and there is no odor."
My daughter loves them. My first child liked the NUK binkys but this one wanted nothing to do with them. Even though she uses the bottles. I went back to the soothie I was given at the hospital at she loved it as she did these. The only thing that confuses me is how the months works with these.... I guess there all the same size they just get thicker cause of them getting teeth.
very convenient. a little bigger than needed and sometimes they tear mid diaper change. but overall great! buy this item.
"good idea for my two grandchildren, when they start losing their teeth.<br /><br />to choose five rating in my opinion it has to catch my eye at first sight."
i had one of these chains growing up. it is sturdy and holds most if not all my daughters stuffed friends. they are on display and out of the the way.
i initially bought it for my son. he is now 17 months and it is still in the same condition we bought.now my son use it as a outdoor chair... :)  the usage is everyday. we liked this product so much we ordered one for our friend for his son. they loved it too.  its easy to install.
"Not very happy with this being delivered folded into 4, a lot of wrinkles, but the overall product is nice and large."
"when i ordered this item, i was worried that it may be very small and therefore uncomfortable (i weigh about 160 lbs) but it is large enough for anyone to sit comfortably.  but it isn't too bulky or too heavy either. the lid comes off easily and the storage part is large enough to store tub toys, sponges and soaps or whatever.  good purchase, glad i bought it."
"i bought this to have as a &#34;back-up&#34; lovey for my son, as he is very attached to his money lovey. when this one arrived, i was interested to see that it is about an inch bigger than the one we have. i'm still pleased and it's great quality. just different size, which will make it harder to trick him if one is in the wash."
It serves its purpose. It holds 2 of my baby's pacifiers and makes them easy to find I my diaper bag.
fast shipping got faster than i thought i would. wish it was a little better on price and almost paid as much for shipping but good product and baby loves it !
This product came as expected....only pacifier my son preferred. Comes in cute colors and easy to clean. Would buy more!
"These pacifiers worked well to calm, then we kept them away otherwise. Don't let them get used to it or else you'll have to break the habit!"
"love the wub a nub but not really fond of stuffing inside the kitty, I like the beanie baby type so frog and cow are my favorite , they are machine washable air dry , hold up well"
"nice product, quickly delivery and i will enjoy see my baby with this a lot.<br /><br />thanks<br /><br />we will recommended for everything"
Baby likes to grasp it but fall out of place easily.  Super cute though.  You cannot change the type of pacifier.
"nice product, quickly delivery and i will enjoy see my baby with this a lot.<br /><br />thanks<br /><br />we will recommended for everything"
"The Avent The Avent pacifier is a wonderful product. My son and daughter have both used them. One of the things I love about them is the design with a top and bottom cutout for their nose. Both of my children are in the 15% or lower for head circumference and I never worried about these covering their noses. The other design is that there isn't a correct way to use the pacifier which is easy when the baby can put it in their own mouth.<br /><br />Negative - This has absolutely nothing to do with Avent and everything to do with Amazon. I have purchased this item twice the first time I received two completely clear pacifiers. I was in a pinch and decided to keep them. When I needed to make another order I received another set of clear. I have tried ordering other listings from Amazon, and received gender specific items. I wish like other items that Amazon would allow you to select or recommend colors.<br /><br />Would I buy this again? Probably not through Amazon."
"These are our favorite pacifiers - we've purchased like 10 sets. But since the sets don't come in mixed colors, I don't understand why you can't order by color. It's really not a big deal that my son uses purple and pink pacifiers, but I wish I was able to select blue or green. Hasn't stopped me from buying them though!"
"this is a great pump especially for working moms. i love that i can adjust the speed and strength to where i want them, it's just like the hospital grade pump i was using before this cam in. the only problem was when i was boiling the parts to sterilize them, one of the bottles warped (still useable though). overall great pump!"
"ok so i'm not the typical reviewer for these locks because what i'm locking out doesn't actually have thumbs so i do have an advantage there.  we have 3 adult pugs and when they can't be with us we have a very large fence with a walk-through gate to keep them in their area of the house.  the smart one in the group, my little problem solver, picked up pretty quick how to get the gate door open and will mosey out whenever she pleases with the other 2 only too happy to tag along.  much havoc then ensues.<br /><br />i tried using [[asin:b00155wjmq safety 1st securetech cabinet lock]] to keep the gate closed, and while it also did the trick i found it to be very flimsy.  we tried 2 of them on different gates and they both broke within a month.<br /><br />i like that this lock has 2 parts, so i can wrap one around each side of the gate posts and then connect them together.  so far, so good.  yes, it is quite tricky to open and close and if this were in an area i needed to get at frequently it would not work for me.  luckily we can just lift the pugs over the fence without opening the gate.<br /><br />i bought (2) 2-packs of these for $5 so i'm not expecting them to last forever; but the design sure works for our needs."
i definitely recommend buying this teether.  it is a good size for those little baby hands.  unique design allowing an easy hold.<br /><br />the only reason i gave it 4 starts instead of 5 is the price.  couple of bucks cheaper and i would have given it a 5.
purchased this for my new granddaughter's crib.  it was just what we expected.<br />i would recommend this for a sweet little girl.
"i love it as an insert for my rather large pocketbook.  it protects my bag's lining, which is nice for me as it is a pricey bag."
"easy instructions to follow along with, appearance and construction are very appealing. didn't take long to put together, not many pieces to put together and was very sturdy."
con: when purchased it was advertised as &#34;white&#34; but it's actually tan.<br /><br />pros: relatively easy to install and just sturdy enough for it's purpose.<br /><br />though for extra strength the gate had to be screwed into the wall (optional)
"this is very nice ,easy to put together got it very fast, my only comment is it seems a little small but then maybe i just have a large grandson."
"i love this high chair and so does my son. i bought the zoo friends pattern and its really not girly. the pan that sits on the tray is also a bright neon green, almost glow in the dark green, not yellow as pictured. the only reason i'm giving 4 stars not 5 is because  after opening box and packaging it looks as if the bars are bent and will not assemble correctly, it did take a little force to get it right but now it's perfect."
"i wish i had this when i got home from the hospital. i ended up ordering it after using the boppy for a few weeks and having trouble with latch and positioning as a result. if i were to do it again, i would have it ahead of baby's arrival and even take to the hospital. it is ergonomically correct and works great. be prepared that it is a short window that you will use it - but when you need it, you need it, and it is money well spent in light of the pain of a poor latch and visits with lactation specialists to correct breastfeedling problems."
i needed a guard for our stove that is exposed on two sides. our stovetop is average size but you can adjust the guard.<br />the tape did fall off after a week and i tried replacement tapes which also fell off even when i used alcohol to clean the surface prior. i wanted this guard to work as it was more disguised than some of the other large plastic guards on the market. i purchased a pack of super strong bar magnets from amazon 1 inch x 1/4 inch and it stays in place now. i can easily clean the stovetop around the magnets as well. the guard can still be pulled off if a child really tried but it would stop a pot being pulled off and does help with stopping hands touching the elements or flame.
got the product faster than i thought  i would. in good condition. the only problem that i have is that they won't stick very well. i made sure wall was cleaned and dried.  other  than that it was awesome. thank you
these made good christmas gifts for the extra people on my christmas gift  list. they are fun enough to justify the desk space they end up occupying!
"bought this crib on a budget, found searching for &#34;cribs under $200&#34;.  in addition, this model had several hundred reviews so that gave me a good comfort level.<br /><br />pros<br />- very affordable for the quality<br />- easy assembly<br />- great look<br /><br />cons<br />- a few pieces came in slightly scratched<br />- mattress sits kind of low, my wife is 5'0 so she struggle to put the baby down at times.<br /><br />overall you can't go wrong with this buy."
"my son likes to toss things from the stroller, so this was a must have. it attaches easily to any stroller and has an adjustable strap to shorten or lengthen the slack. i think these work best with sippy cups that have handles. i find that our cups without handles (tommee tippee sport spout) tend to slip out of the strap."
have a kid who will take exception to the sun and the fact that it provides the earth with life sustaining heat and light. this can cause irritation in the car when he is forced to sit in its path for a long time so i got these in preparation for a long road trip. didn't have to use them much for him but did use them a bit for me. they are nice because they can be placed so they don't interfere with driving and you can see through them quite well. i would even put them up in the front windshield when i parked to keep some of the heat out of the car. they do stick well but lose some of it if used repetitively. all you have to do though is be more diligent about running your hands over the whole shade a couple times to make sure it stays put. they are easy to hang and easy to re-fold and store.
"but the storage compartment could be bigger, and the fit when you put more than one nappy in is not great..."
i got this for a gift for my friend who had twins. i had a similar toy for my daughter when she was a baby that she loved and i thought that this would be on the bigger side and two babies could possibly share it. it looked adorable.
this pack n play is very handy for use for my 6 mos old grandson's visits. i don't need something fancy with a lot of added features so this fits my requirements. it's  fairly quick and easy to set up and to put away. very convenient for my use.
"difficult to review now as this is a &#34;time will tell&#34; item. i mailed it to my son for his daughter but she is only four months old. while the toy was animated it held her attention and i'm sure all the colors made it a pleasing eye catcher. the toy itself seemed sturdy, safe and easy to clean. we'll see how she enjoys it when she learns to interact with it on her own."
this is a fun little mat for kids to play with. they are able to pull out the puzzle pieces and stand them up for more fun. it's smaller than i thought so make sure to check the dimensions. my one year old son loves to play with this and push his cars around on top.
"we installed the gate in moments and it works well. it's important to read the paperwork. as a &#34;garden variety&#34; male, i thought something was wrong with the product since i didn't need the instructions (i got this). ensure you tighten the brackets so the latch is flush with the sides. it will fit snugly once you get it nice and tight."
"i haven't used it for our baby yet since he hasn't arrived yet but my husband doesn't most of the afternoon assembling it. it was packed well but still arrived with some scratches here and there.it was a very time consuming project though the instructions were pretty good. as far as looks, it's beautiful ..no issue there..and it seems solid. we fit a colgate natural 1 well with a good amount of compression at the sides for safety sake.<br />i'll update after we have used it a few months."
"dealing with a 14 pound over-6 month old, who hates being confined and is very active and wiggly, hip position is the only usable position. once i figured out what the videos were saying, set-up was very easy. however, the videos on the website have the annoying habit of glossing over or blocking the view of crucial actions, so it took a few times to figure it out.<br /><br />despite the sling creating the \\pocket\\ they mention, it feels too easy for the occupant to slip out through the bottom if the sling is a little loose (again, hip carry position). since the occupant dislikes a tight squeeze and struggles, it gets a little dicey. it's also a lot of weight on the opposite shoulder. however, as it's only been a couple days, i'll see if i can figure out how to improve things.<br /><br />it is easy to put on and i'll probably switch between this and my k'tan, at least until i find a more permanent solution.<br /><br />the natural undyed look is reassuring with an occupant who likes to recycle saliva through the fabric."
great control flow for newborns. easy to clean and no leaks. my son loves his breast flow bottles. i highly recommend.
just be aware this think has some odor and it will take atleast 1week to go away. i gave 4 star because when i got this product it had some mat with couple of dent. it looks like during the transportation or in the warehouse it was kept on top of nail or something pointed but this does not compromise the quality just the esthetic
"this product makes intuitive sense to an older toddler/young child, as it lights up like a night light when it is bedtime, and the light goes out when it's time to wake up. we don't use the nap setting, but it has successfully kept our kiddo in bed until the light goes out at 7 am. the light glows a soft, soothing blue tone. the book was helpful in introducing the whole concept. we purchased this one, as the other sleep clocks seemed to be either cheaply made or battery-only.  it would be nice if there was a battery back up for power outages, but that is our only complaint."
its a nice toy....lotsa lights and good music..one complaint- volume is low. otherwise i like it and my baby plays with it everyday.
"these pads are great for the price, but are slightly smaller than the more expensive &#34;premium&#34; options on the market.  they absorb well, but if size is important to you and price isn't an object, there are better options out there."
this activity centre isn't as compact as some others i've seen but for the price it is an excellent activity play centre that i am sure will get a lot of use in our house.
"I like that this holder stays shut! It does not accidentally open in the diaper bag. The only thing I don't like too much is the little handle I feel like it will break from clipping and unclipping it to different things, but it's not a big deal. I'd buy it again for this great price!"
it is a good product. but in the amazon website the age was not so cleary.<br />so I bought a freeflow pacifier for the wrong age
This is a very cute set do &#34;princess&#34; pacifiers!  Our  2 month old granddaughter has gotten used to a different shaped nipple  and wouldn't take this pacifier but as long as they're not used to a certain nipple shape these seem to be good and are especially cute.
"yes, buy it, a toy, cuddle and pacifier all in one, and easy to search for in the house. My grandkidds love theirs."
"We use it for our newborn and prop it in a way so it doesn't fall out, but I guess it will be much more userul once he can grab it and hold onto it himself. Another plus is that for us it's always easy to locate, unlike small pacifiers."
My daughter first got this at about 4 and 1/2 months and even now at 7 it is her favorite toy/item in the world. Only gripe would be how quickly it gets dirty but it can be washed in the washer and comes out looking almost like new. The pacifier seems to be sewn on so you can't swap it out for another one but like I said she loves this thing.
This was such a fun purchase and my baby looked hilarious wearing it at our redneck themed party! This is good for a laugh but I wouldn't spend much money for it.
"Baby likes it, so I like it.<br />Only Con was that they develop water spots on the inside fairly quickly, just sanitize and reuse."
"we love it so far (a few months in) and the smaller screen is totally worth the savings, im not sure what an extra sq cm of screen would really do for us.<br /><br />things i love<br />- the thermometer - i thought that it was useless when i read that it was a feature but  now that i can see the temperature in his room on monitor - i love it and i adjust our thermostat accordingly.<br />- good night and day coverage<br />- zoom - use it all the time<br />- the long cord on the monitor - the battery suffices until i go to bed and then once im in bed the long cord is useful.<br /><br />things i would change<br />- the buttons are not backlit (it is too easy to accidentally send music into his room in the middle of the night instead of zooming in like i had intended - not to mention i think the music function is useless).<br />- a clock -  i wish it had the time on the monitor.  (would also be cool if it had a timer you could start when he falls asleep that way you would know exactly how long he has been down)."
this gate seems very sturdy and the auto close feature is very nice.  once thing to note is that it does appear more black then brown but still looks very nice.  only drawback is that the bottom brackets screw through the baseboards which is not too desirable but overall this is a good product.
i ordered this for when my 4 month old grandbaby comes over to visit. she really likes this bouncer! the vibration and music seem to soothe her if she happens to be a little crabby and/or tired. the little hanging toys are nice and bright and really keep her attention too.
"it is sturdy and safe for children. the table has a washable surface, which is a must with toddlers. the assembly was relatively easy and the table has clean lines and fits in anywhere. the price is fantastic."
push it is... fit the changing pad that i bought perfectly and it is nice and soft to lay my son down.
"These were adorable! My baby girl will be wearing these for baby pictures (military family) they are just slightly bigger than I expected, but knew for an infant they would be!<br />I'm still very pleased and excited for pictures"
This is the perfect size for a newborn or toddler. My grandbaby is only 3 weeks old and already holds the giraffe. I would recommend this product. Its also not easily lost in the diaper bag or crib.
It is exactly what I was looking for.  It was the perfect gift for  the baby shower it was purchased for.
For some reason my boy didn't like it ..  it is soft and he can play with it for a wile ..  I'm still trying to replace hand and fingers ..  but to be honest they are winning so far ..
"i am new to cloth diapering and the alva diapers are working out great. i also have tried fuzzibunz but i really like the one size alvas. i like to double up on the inserts from time to time so that they don't leak but for the most part i haven't had any leaks or blow outs. they are easy to use, fit good and are easy to clean."
great for the price.  it does what it's supposed to do and is a no frills product.  i have washed it twice and seems to be holding up well.  i would recommend.
If your baby takes a soothie/paci then this is the perfect paci and lovey in one!  Baby can hold it easily and play with it in addition to be soothed by it.  It is also VERY cute and durable. Only issue is cleaning.  I wash in a mesh bag to clean the giraffe portion and then boil hot water to sterilize the paci..just a little cumbersome.
"My baby would not take a pacifier (from birth to now, 6 months) yet had a very strong suck/chew desire.  A friend (pediatrician) gave us one of these as a shower gift.  My son LOVES it.  He chews/sucks on it from all angles and it sooths him like nothing else. The pacifier is very well attached, I inspect it daily and it is not loosening or wearing at all.  We ordered this second one so we would have a spare.<br />Highly recommend! Buy it! It鈥檚 the best 15 bucks we have spent."
"Our baby loves her kitty pacifier! It's helpful to have the animal attached to keep the pacifier from going flying and makes it easier for baby to hold on to. Our little girl is just 6 weeks old and is already starting to hold on to the kitty and has been able to put the pacifier back in her mouth a couple of times. (mostly accidentally of course, but she couldn't have done that with a regular pacifier!)<br /><br />The only down side is that you can't detach the pacifier and wash it separately. We threw the whole thing in a lingerie bag and washed it in the washing machine, then wash the pacifier by hand in the sink being careful not to soak the kitty."
"Liked it, have not used yet. Baby won't be here til September. But a great idea for baby and Mommy"
WubbaNubs are all so cute! I give them as gifts for any of my friends that are expecting and they all love them and say the kids do too!
"Great pacifier. However the picture shows it as pink, in reality it was one torquoise and one red. Nuk is the only brand my daughter will use"
Cute pacifiers but a bit overpriced. But it is the Cubbies so I got them just for fun so it's all good.
"Not only is this cute, but it also gives my baby something to hold onto while he is sucking on it.  Perfect for parents who are trying to deter their babies from thumb sucking."
"We like these when our baby is grumpy and sleepy, and needs a little extra to help get her more comfortable.  Really helps soothe her.  The little handle helps us to hold onto it, without dropping them too easily if she is fussing/squirming around. All in all good product."
I got a set of these for my friends twin boys. She said they loved them but the rubber smell was a bit odd. As long as they're non-toxic and the babies like them I consider it a win.
sure it is super cute! the colors are just as you see on the picture. my problem comes from the ties on the bumper pads....they are made only for the kind of crib you see in the advertised picture. i have a convertible crib with larger rails than the drop sides do and the ties for the bumpers are not long enough to tie onto the crib. i had to use safety pins to hold them on.... i wish the details would have explained that they are crib specific!
"I bought these for my 2 month old. He like them most of the time although sometimes he prefers a differently shaped pacifier (guess he like variety). I like that the handles glow in the dark, that has been helpful. They seem to be holding up well also as I sterilize them daily."
Its the cutest thing ever! but it is overpriced. I thought that the stuffy would be a bit bigger and less cheap looking.
"My sister in-law recommended I try this pacifier with my new baby. Its no miracle worker, but the shape is nice & better than anything the hospital had given us. It took awhile to arrive though."
"The tip of the pacifier is completely rounded as opposed to the slightly curved ones that contour to the inside of the baby's mouth better. I suppose it all comes down to the child's preference... in our case the little one isn't a fan of the strictly cylindrical pacifier nipple so he won't keep this in his mouth for long. Still fun though and can serve as a slight distraction.<br /><br />Pros:<br />Very cute, lightweight monkey. Almost worth it just for the stuffed animal<br />Sturdy pacifier with no rubbery taste, holds up to biters<br /><br />Cons:<br />The monkey is only attached to one end of the pacifier, which makes me worry that it will rip off if the little one decides to pull too hard. Every time I pick it up I think &#34;I hope this doesn't rip off as easily as it feels like it could...&#34;"
"this was a gift. the material it was made of seemed sturdy and easy to clean, which is important with babies"
"I ordered these because my preemie baby loved pacifiers but I hated that they covered his nose. These don't, and he loves them. He's 4 months old and still uses them. I gave them 4 stars because it's a great value and I  like that his nose wasn't covered by them, but they're a rubbery material that everything sticks to. I have 2 dogs and I'm constantly picking dog hair and other random fuzzies off of them. That material just attracts everything. But overall, I love them!"
"works good to keep thins soft, and cold around the spout. but it def comes off easily and is just made of styrofoam so very cheap. but it does the trick."
"the box was damaged, but the product seemed to be okay. very excited for my best friend to use it. quickly shipped."
"We use it for our newborn and prop it in a way so it doesn't fall out, but I guess it will be much more userul once he can grab it and hold onto it himself. Another plus is that for us it's always easy to locate, unlike small pacifiers."
"I loved it! Very, very cute  I just expected it to be a little bigger then it was. But, perfect size"
"I brought this for my grand daughter and have gotten so many laughs out of it that it's worth buying.  She doesn't care to suck it much, but that's probably because she's use to her daily pacifier."
Yes this is easy to play and fun.. Also this is not so expensive so it is good to go
The price was great the shipping was High but I wanted it for my daughters Baby shower for the little kids to play so they could win prizes & have fun too.
"we got this for our two year old who has been self feeding for a while, he seems to find the spoon really comfortable and uses it every day. we haven't really tried out the knife yet...he seems to be enough of a hazard to himself without a utensil with an edge"
Baby prefers these to other pacifiers as he doesn't have to suck so hard to keep them in. They seem to fall out more easily.
"Unfortunately, our little guy doesn't really take a pacifier, but this would definitely help to keep it in/near his mouth if he did want the paci. I don't think I'd feel comfortable putting him to bed with this toy (early on, at least), but it's great for in the swing, car seat, etc."
"I only received two out of 4 I was expecting I am not whether that is right, they can explain better."
Well was hoping that my breast feed baby would love theses but he doesn't. So I 'm on the hunt again. The pacifiers are made well.
"Just what I had wanted, only thing was I thought these were supposed to be bigger than the newborn one's I had and they are the exact same size."
This is a must have for every medicine cabinet with a little one. It does two important things at once. Gives a temperature readout and they suck their medicine dose right out of the pacifier before they even taste it. Everyone needs one. Hope you never have to use it.
useful and cute! i clip it to the diaper bag so it's easy to find the pacifier and i don't have to keep using plastic snack bags (which then get thrown out). when baby outgrows pacifier it can be used for other things. love the pattern.
"Overall, happy with this pacifier, although it seems just as good as the Avent 'Soothie'. I would buy it again though."
perfect size. i like that it freezes the bags flat so they can be stored compactly and stack on each other.
i used dr. brown bottles with my first son and got a little tired with all the little extra bits that had to be washed and assembled. avent does the same job (re colic etc) without the extra hassle. as a busy mom i appreciate any product that saves me extra work. haven't had any problems with the bottles leaking thus far - i just make sure that i put on the adaptor ring as indicated and everything goes fine.
"the cards look nice, but won't be using them until august. i will be using them for a baby shower."
i gave this as an exchange gift and the &#34;receiver&#34;  loved it.  it was a great price and didn't look cheap.
good product for the price. this works for the money you pay and is a very high quality product too.
i have boys and the raised front made it easier to keep &#34;potty&#34; in seat and not on the floor!  it's easy to clean and comfy to sit on
i love swaddle like this. i bought this as a gift for my friend and she really likes it too. will buy more.
"i purchased these after reading the reviews on how hard they are to remove so i was not too surprised by how hard they are to remove - lol. you just need to figure out how to take them out and find a gadget that can help depress the safety - a screw driver works well for us. we bought two types, put these in the areas our son has a lot of access, and on outlets we dont use much. we used a cheaper, easier to remove style on the other outlets."
"it works well as child proof for entry to stairs and kitchen.<br />plus, it is not expensive compared to similar products."
"After looking for the perfect baby monitor, we settled on the MBP33.  14 months later, we still like it, with some caveats:<br /><br />1.  Having a video feed, in addition to the audio, is wonderful.  This monitor does an adequate job of displaying a good angle of the room and is pretty clear even in the near dark.  In my opinion, the video doesn't have to be high definition, but simply good enough to give an idea of what your kid is doing.  This monitor does the job, and does it well.<br /><br />2. After about 11 months of use, the monitor would not take a charge.  Playing around with it, I determined that the wall charger was fine, but the battery would not recharge, or continue to work even when plugged in.  Even though we may have been out of warranty (we received the monitor as a gift well before the twins arrived), I called Motorola and they agreed to replace the monitor for free.  Much more than I expected from customer service.  So although it failed, Motorola was responsive and took care of the problem.  Since then, we haven't had any problems.<br /><br />3. The user interface isn't perfect.  For example, we have twins and purchased an extra camera for a second room.  While we love the ability to add extra cameras, and the possibility of setting the monitor to automatically cycle through the cameras, for some reason you cannot change the video feed while the volume or brightness control is on the display.  And there is a huge lag in the time it takes for the volume control to clear the screen after you hit the button.  Often, we'll hear one kid crying, pick up the monitor and turn up the sound, and then have to wait several seconds for that to clear before changing to a different video feed.  While this may seem like user error, or a small inconvenience, I'll be the first to admit that we aren't always thinking clearly at 2 a.m., which also happens to be the time when I have the least patience for the volume control to clear so I can change feeds.  This isn't a deal breaker, but it keeps me from giving it five stars.<br /><br />4.  It has additional features, like the ability to play music and speak through a microphone to the camera.  I've never used these other than to make my wife jump when she is putting away the kids' laundry.  It doesn't detract from the product, but seems unnecessary to me.<br /><br />Overall, this seems like the best monitor for the price.  Although I won't say it's perfect, I am happy we chose the MBP33 and have no regrets.'t a deal breaker, but it keeps me from giving it five stars.<br /><br />4.  It has additional features, like the ability to play music and speak through a microphone to the camera.  I've never used these other than to make my wife jump when she is putting away the kids' laundry.  It doesn't detract from the product, but seems unnecessary to me.<br /><br />Overall, this seems like the best monitor for the price.  Although I won't say it's perfect, I am happy we chose the MBP33 and have no regrets."
"These pacifiers are great, I just wish that I could choose the colors before placing my order. They come in their own case, which is nice for traveling."
"bright colors and interesting shapes make this a winner, would be nice if the pieces had tiny handles for smaller hands."
these lids are very hard to get on and especially to get off.  they don't leak which is nice but they are a struggle to use.
"my wife uses it almost every day. it is very easy to use and clean. my four-month-old son also enjoys to see the world form this carrier. people around our neighborhood also talk to our baby a lot, because they can interact with our baby easily. just love the way it designed for baby from birth. the only thing that makes me give it 4 stars is because the shoulder stripes are not very thick, so we can not bare our son for too long. however, it is great for a quick shopping trip or fun afternoon walking."
i would tell anyone this a freat fitted sheet. it was a little large but so soft! holds up to many washes.
"Both of my 2 babies love this! Since the first time they used it, they gave up on other brands' nipples. The quality is also very nice!<br />The only bad thing is that Amazon doesn't let me choose the color that I want."
"i ordered this for my grandson's first birthday & realized it was going to arrive late.  i requested it be delivered earlier but was told that wasn't possible.  somehow, not only did it arrive on time but was actually a day early!!<br /><br />i really like it but was a tiny bit disappointed that the piping around the top has a seam in the front & the fabric wasn't quite straight.  but the hinges are really nice & the padded seat is awesome."
"i was hesitant to purchase this for my little one, but decided to go for it since my 5 year old loves her blanket that is similar to this but in a large size (not from swaddledesigns). well, my baby girl enjoys feeling the textures on this blanket, and really enjoys waving it around like a flag from her crib. i think she likes that it's just a miniature blanket without any other little stuffed animal face or creature attached like many other lovies. i wouldn't say it's indispensable, but she likes it!"
i didn't like how i had to unscrew the adjustable section so far.  also the banister got in the way so if it was shorter that would have been better for stairs.
"i bought this item for my grandson's pack n play.  i read reviews before i bought it and some people mentioned it is a tight fit.  do not put this in the dryer.  i just hang it to dry.  if it shrinks even the smallest amount it will be too small to use.  otherwise, the fabric is nice and soft and it has a cute print."
"the product is ok, it works for our wife. i do not have any more comment (negative) about it. thanks"
"Gave one of these to my daughter-in-law 3 yrs ago for her first child, because she likes simple things.  She really liked it being so easy to track the milestones, without taking too much of her time, so I ordered this one for the second child, born this week.  Also Like this calendar being a 13 month one.  It could use a few more first happenings stickers.<br />Very fast shipping!"
i like this one more than the one in our older son's room. the 360 degree lip on it seems like a better design than the one we bought previously that was just rimmed on the left & right sides. happy with it!
"i am planning in just wearing this bra all day so i don't need to switch back and forth at work to pump, but it is not very comfortable and looks bad under tighter clothes. luckily i wear scrubs so that shouldn't be a problem. it adjusts to fit many sizes! i usually wear a size 38dd and the xs/sm/med fits great with room to spare. i would definitely recommend this to anyone looking to pump hands free. should work with all pumps (i have a medela)"
i gave this stroller only 5 stars because it's kind of a pain to close when you have the hood on it.  the hood has to be removed every time you close it.
"i bought a few types of diapers to try out, and these had the best fit due to all the options to change the size. some of the others i tried were really way to bulky and huge for a small baby."
"i don't know what else you might be looking for in a booster, but this is great. it's squishy on the inside and has a harder, shiny surface. my daughter (3yrs old) finds it comfy to sit at the table with us now. my only concern.. is that it looks chewy!"
"pros:<br />-not messy (this is a pretty big pro when you're also wrangling wiggly babies).<br />-it didn't crack for me as i've seen others mention.<br /><br />cons:<br />-i had a very hard time getting this to spread nicely. it was very frustrating because i just could not get it smooth no matter how much time i spent on it. eventually i gave up and just got it as smooth as i could.<br />-i used this on my son's 1st birthday and he wanted absolutely nothing to do with the process. it took a few attempts because you need a lot of pressure to get a good impression (which was further complicated because every failed impression meant going through the rolling out/smoothing process again).<br /><br />overall, i'm mostly happy with the end result. i wish it had come out smoother around the impression, but i did get a good impression of my son's hand and foot that i am sure i will treasure forever. i've seen it mentioned in another review to use your finger and a little water to smooth around the impression afterwards and maybe i'll try that if i do another of these in the future."
i purchased this for my little girl (due in 2 months).. i like that the surface is water resistant and should be easy to wipe clean. i was slightly disappointed with the changing pad.. its just a thin piece of plastic fabric (similar to the bags fabric) with little to no padding. however for the price i shouldn't be surprised. i love the colors they match our stroller (graco travel system) we just got from the baby shower perfectly.
"i bought these because i have a baby bullet and there just wasn't enough storage for all the food i was making. they are pretty decent. i like that they stack onto each other and they are slim so they don't take up a lot of space in the freeze/refrigerator. i don't like the marker it comes with. it actually didn't work for me at all. it just didn't write on it at all. however, that wasn't a deal breaker for me. i also don't love the lids. they work well enough but they get cross threaded easily and i feel like i can never screw it on on the first try.<br /><br />i have also used these for little to go containers for my lunches. i put dressings and condiments in them and it works well for that. i love items that have multiple uses ;) overall, i would suggest this product to other people. it works well and gets the job done."
"we've been using these letters for over a month or so now, only in the bathtub.<br />when i first opened the package, a strong chemical came from them. it makes me kind of nervous when my daughter tries to put them in her mouth.<br />now that we have been using them for a little while the strong smell is mostly gone. i do wish that they were more &#34;teething friendly&#34; in that aspect.<br />the letters stick very well to our bathtub which is plastic, and also to our tile above the bathtub. i stuck some up before putting my daughter in the tub, and they stayed throughout her whole bath (about 20 minutes). i'm sure they would stick longer too, if you needed them to.<br />overall, they are great, i just wish they didn't have such a strong chemical smell. i would buy again."
"we like this, it holds our essentials- glue sticks, scissors, pens, a few markers, etc all in one nice portable place."
"expensive, but worth the money. after about 9 months of use every day, the suction from the pumps seemed to reduce, but it lasted for that long, so i am glad"
Not exactly as you get in the hospital but with a good pair of scissors and a clever mind you can turn these babies into the same Nuk's without have to resort to stealing from the hospital! I'd definetly recommend them.
"the first time shopping in amazon, this is mainly bought for the baby, although not used this brand, but is anti-breaking like glass bottles, so ordered the hope that it will be easy to use."
my daughter likes the lights and music but it does not fit around our headrest and is more jerry-rigged to stay in place. i think she more sees her feet than herself. like that it has a timer option.
"This is very good product, the only take is that it should say for what age. I bought it for my 3 months son and he did not like it feels like it is too bulky or may be it is bigger then it should be, the nipple I mean here."
"We call them plugs around here.  When the baby cries, stick a plug in them, lol.  It was hard to find a shape our girls liked, these fit the bill."
"My son doesnt drop his paci as much with this Wubbanub since he can hold on to the monkey... i love the idea and think it is great; however, for the price, I thought the plush toy was going to be larger.  For the price, i could have (and will) sewed the paci on to a stuffed animal myself!"
"This product is super cute!! I'm happy with this purchase. I only wish that you could change out the pacifiers as the child grows since the one that is attached is for newbies, but I know it would be hard for the two to stay attached. Can't wait for my little man to try it out."
"Love the packaging and the product but i dont really care much for the smell... It's not terrible, it just smells like apple juice."
"they are just like the normal green ones, I just liked that they were blue and that way I would tell mine form other mom's when we are all together."
like the product on  time. Good quality and good packing recommend the product for first time baby. good product love it
"They work like any other glow in the dark product - they glow very bright after being exposed to light and then slowly fade.  I think they are great!  They are not a night light and won't last all night, so if that is what you are looking for, this is not the product for you.  But they are fun and cute and I like them."
I bought these because already own some of these and needed some more.  One thing to note these are not the ones that can be flipped (you can see if you look close at the picture) - they have a right side up.
Toy is exactly as described; baby just doesn't like it very much. Prefers the Orajel Munchkin teether and the Lifefactory teether.
This was the pacifier given to him in the hospital and he loves it.  I like that they are one piece and easy to wash.  These have not interfered with breast feeding either.
"Our baby likes the nipple on this paci, but it's not ideal for our infant.  Now that he's grabbing things he often pulls out the paci by tugging on the monkey.  Maybe he'll grow to hold it in his mouth as he gets older??  I don't know, but overall I still think it's a cute paci and it works most of the time."
"This is the pacifier she took most too, I think because of the shape and feel on her face. I like the sanitary aspect of it, peace of mind, one less thing to worry about. Would buy these again even though they are pricey."
"I heard about these pacifiers on a pregnancy website. I was a little hesitant because I already have tried multiple brands with no luck. I don't know what it is about these, but my baby loves them!!! My only complaint is that it falls out of my baby's mouth easily, but more pacifiers do."
"these pail liners are great: leak proof, sturdy, washable, etc. i have two. the orange one, though, is like safety-vest orange, hunters-cap day-glo orange. not a terribly pleasing shade. otherwise great and no complaints."
"these are great if you have an infant who learned to stand up in their crib and decided it was time to sharpen their new teeth on the rails (which i think almost every infant is!). in other words these are a must. i have only 1 problem with these (hnce 4 stars). no mater how you try to group them, they do not cover the entire rail on any side of my baby's crib (standard size). at least 2 inches on each side are still left bare for her to chew on. the company should change their length in order to be able to provide complete coverage at elast for standard crib sizes."
i liked the body rest but not the head reast...read washing instructions...the body rest is very soft and comfortable...nice color.
"this product although manufactured, looks custom made.  the bows could be a little larger to make tieing easier.  the colors are very vibrant!"
"this is yet another attempt to find a decent weather shield for my maclaren xl stroller.  (the one that comes with it no longer works for us as when in place it pulls my daughters long legs tight against the stroller which obviously she hates.)  this xl stroller has a longer than average  stroller canopy so i have found most generic weather shields are too short over the top resulting in the shield looking odd (as the corners aren't on the corners at all but up an inch on to the roof of the stroller hood) & consequently losing inches in length of coverage for the front.  (jeep standard stroller weather shield does just this and is also very flimsy.  ripped at one joint first time i put it on!) this shield just about works.  i have found that if you attach from the second set of velcro fastenings down it will do a passable job of fitting.  it has a longer front than any other i have tried and finishes only  2-3 inches away from the foot support. it also seems quite sturdy, unlike the jeep cover it doesn't feel like it will rip at the seams. i have no doubts it will flap around a bit in the wind (although it is anchored well around the back of the stroller with decent velcro fastenings) but as i'm more concerned about rain this is fine for me.  all in all i think this is a good shield for the price."
"bought matching crib and changing table.  color good, sturdy furniture.  have been using for 6 weeks now and have no complaints.  nice amount of room on top for changing baby"
"i read most of the reviews before making my decision  to go ahead and get this and i don't regret buying it. i'm currently in the process of redecorating my daughters room with the jojo designs happy owl theme so there are owls throughout her room. i also did the [[asin:b003ngtnfg roommates rmk1439slm scroll tree peel & stick wall decal megapack]] on her walls so when searching for an owl lamp this was one of the first ones that popped up on amazon.<br /><br />the lamp is well made and has a substantial weight to it, the shade is also very well made and is absolutely adorable. it also comes with an energy saving 60 watt bulb so no need to run out and get one. everything needed is there in the box. the reason i gave 4 stars is because also of the switch placement. i do wish that it was where the bulb is located but unfortunately it is on the power cord somewhere in the middle. i've uploaded a pic since most complaints were about the power switch placement but no one thought about uploading a picture so you can see what they were talking about.<br /><br />the disadvantage for me with this is that since i have the power cord behind her dresser where i'm going to be placing this so that it's out of her way (so she doesn't tug on it) its an inconvenience.<br /><br />the lamp doesn't look cheap but if you can deal with the power switch placement i'd recommend getting this if you're interested."
the item is great. the colors are nice they have an old fashion simple look to it. perfect for my little grandson and it got here right on time.
"My daughter loves pacifiers but not for sucking, for teething! These pacis are really easy to keep hold of and super soft on swollen gums. They are a little pricey though, so just don't let your dog see them!"
"I recently had my baby shower and this was one of the games. It was soooo much fun, both the females and males enjoyed this game. The only flaw about this product was that I had to cutout each pacifier, I really thought punch outs would of been easier."
"Same as all the other MAM pacifiers we have, they are great and our baby loves them.<br />Keep in mind though, the colors in the picture might not be what you get, took us by surprise, when we got blue male oriented drawings when we saw pink pictures in the image."
"We love these wubbanub pacifiers. Our son was not heavily attached too any pacifier, however when he was a newborn-infant I can confidently say that this pacifier kept him soothed all night. Just the right weight and shape to stay put and be easily found by little hands or in an over stuffed bag!<br /><br />We had the frog and the monkey for our first. Our second will start with this Dragon. My only complaint is the dragons wings are not sewn on symmetrically. It's still adorable and completely functional."
"I purchased a few of these things and they are a big hit. I also got the one with the buck teeth and couldn't stop laughing at my little guy and everybody else couldn't either. I don't recommend using one of these every time because your child may develop a complex but from time to time, they are great, plus they are reasonable priced so I bought a few and gave them to friends that have children."
"I bought this WubbaNub because of it's colors. I have the sheep one and it blends into everything. But for some reason the pacifier sits weird with this one, I think it's the beak. It kind of makes it less flexible with the position you have it in. The sheep could be in any position and it'll stay in his mouth. Not with this one. But my 4 month old loves the bright colors of it. He has also started playing with the duck and the sheep now that he's getting older and discovering textures more and more. Like my review of the sheep I would say besides the odd positioning of the pacifier due to the beak, my only other grievance is that the pacifiers aren't removable. You have to wash the whole thing together. And if the pacifier is broken or anything you need to buy a whole new one... kind of aggravating. But I will continue to buy them."
"I bought this for my grandson before he was born, based on the reviews for this and similar items of different brands with the pacifier attached. I chose Binkibear because I liked the idea of the detachable pacifier. As it turned out, I made a good choice because my grandson has never really cared much for pacifiers. He's 4-1/2 months now and he prefers chewing to sucking most of the time. This bear is at least twice as big as the other animals that have the attached pacifiers, making it the perfect size for an actual stuffed toy. He will pick it up off his play mat and hug it and chew on its arms or legs. Maybe when he has a bit more dexterity he'll put the pacifier in his mouth now and then. For now it is a cute, safe toy. He has other toys made for teething (He's not teething yet) but he prefers to chew on this bear and on the leg of a small stuffed cow I gave him."
"I recently purchased this because I saw a mom with it and thought it was a great idea.  My daughter is 5 months and its harder to stay in her mouth now that she's moving around a lot. I would recommend this for newborn to 4 months. Also, the pacifier is the same that the hospitals give out so if your baby uses those the you will love this."
These went over great at the party we went to.  The guys really liked using them on their beer bottles!
"this price is valve,i buy it many for my baby.he like it very much,also ues all Playtex.it is better if soft for baby.great value!!!!!!"
"the pacifier looks great.  it seems to be good quality.  but the pacifier part itself is small, it seems like the &#34;newborn&#34; sized ones from the store, which my kid doesn't really like."
the picture shows toys all around the table... it's a great jumparoo but missing some toys that were supposed to be with it.
the. only reason i gave it i bought this for my new granddaughter. her father is a chef and he loved it.
"this works very well it's just hard to turn on.  i push the on button, nothing, press & hold it, nothing.  i do this same process a few time then it finally turns on.  it has been a life saver.  well worth the money just wish it would turn on easier."
i bought these to use with the bummis prefold diapers.<br /><br />i got them primarily for my husband since he has a hard time holding the diaper in place in order to work with the shell. he had no problem at all setting the diaper up with these.
is nice and washed well it looked the way is pictured and it didnt shrink when washed like other one i had bought in the past and is not a rough material .
"these are the softest nursing pads i've used. these were great to have when i was sore in the beginning. they felt so nice and soft and still do 4 months later.  they do leak after a heavy let-down, especially before my milk regulated. but, so far all of the washable nursing pads i've tried are the same way. now that my milk is regulated, these serve their purpose well and leaking is much less of an issue."
"Avent orthodontic pacifiers are our favorite.  Why you ask?  Because they have COVERS!  No need for plastic bags.  These particular ones (which are the Classic version) are good for the first 3 months.  They are slightly smaller than the 0-6 months Free Flow pacifiers.  They do get cloudy after a while and we toss them after 3-4 weeks.  These have worked for our breast fed baby, but if you are looking for a pacifier which would mimic suckling at the breast, go with the Soothie (ask for a couple free ones at the hospital, even if you don't plan on introducing a binky until 3-4 weeks).  Of note (since I just read this, I thought I'd share), the recommendations say to stop daytime use of binkies at 4 months and nap/night use at 12 months.  These are made in Germany."
"My daughter just use latex pacifier but, the one she likes is discontinued so after a long search I found this one. Very different but good and easy to clean since is all made with the same material: rubber. Unfortunately my daughter refused this one. I think is a good option, very well made and all soft. I liked it."
"Such a cute gift - put in my baby shower gift for my sister-in-law along with some IU passys. They are overpriced for passys because they are not anything special, but they are cute!"
"I really like these binkys, they are super cute. I like the shape of them too they are shaped like the nuk nipples which all my kids liked all in all I am very happy with my purchase."
I like them...but my son doesn't ...I guess now I tried all the brands and my son just won't take the pacifier...which is ok I guess...just no self soothing!
Very cute! Connects easily to diaper bag. My baby is still very small so we haven't gone many places yet to allow me to take full advantage and use the product. Overall satisfied.
"Great product that always draws a laugh when our baby uses Stachifier. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is due to the fact that water can get trapped inside after cleaning if you aren't careful. Still, it's worth the money and is safe as long as you are diligent. I definitely recommend the Stachifier!"
"With my first daughter, she preferred this type of pacifier over any other pacifier that we tried to give her.  This is the same pacifier given in the nursery at the hospital, and when we got home, we purchased tons of them!  Well, needless to say, nowadays I couldn't tell you where even one of them is.  When I saw this cute little puppy that has the pacifier attached, I couldn't help but purchase it for my friend's coming up baby shower.  The pacifier, as I stated before, is the best!  And the attached puppy makes it so easy to keep track of!  The puppy is soft and cuddly, and perfect for boy or girl!<br /><br />The reason I gave it  4 stars instead of 5 is solely because, I've seen other versions of this product, and usually the stuffed animal is a little bigger.  Some may prefer the smaller size, but I think a little bigger in size would not only make it easier to keep track of, but offer a little more cuddling for the child."
I am very pleased that you  carry this item. They are very hard to find. This is the only binky my daughter will take.<br /><br />The only problem I see is that I wish that I would have been able to choose the colors. I received all blue ones and was hoping for the pink or purple ones. Oh well she doesn't seem to mind that they are not pink.
Love these. My little guy prefers these over the rest. Great for night time use to help him get him to fall asleep.
"I originally choose Avent because of the Orthodontic recommendations. I had previously used the AVENT Orthodontic Infant Pacifier for 0-6 months. The (0-6 months) pacifiers had symmetrical nipples as well as mouth guards, so no right side up or upside down. As my baby grew and it seemed as if he was almost able to swallow the whole pacifier I knew it was time to get a larger size. So because he had been using the Avent ones with no difficulty I purchased, what looked like, the same product but in a larger size. But that wasn't exactly the case. The NIPPLE was symmetrical but the mouth guard was not. It wasn't a huge deal really, I didn't return the products. We purchased both the clear and clear with blue center. The blue colored ones were easier to find, especially at night.<br />I will say that we are lucky that our baby decided he didn't want/need to use pacifiers at 8.5 months on his own.<br />These were very useful for us while we needed them. We boiled, hand washed and cleaned in dishwasher and there was not any  discoloration or visible breakdown of product with daily use and wash for 3 months."
"With our first we used the Soothies pacifier, but always felt like it was in his nose, so when I saw these later on I figured it would be worth trying with our second.  These are what our hospital now gives out, so I figured it was a good recommendation.  We offered it to our newborn when he was about a week old and he took it well.  He was a little tongue-tied and it still didn't affect his sucking on these.<br /><br />My one complaint is that the edges if you play with them a lot you can start to feel the silicone breaking and letting the plastic piece that creates the shape poke out a bit.  We've been using them for 3 months and they are okay so far, but do wonder if I will have to buy more before he gives them up."
"we bought the basic safety lock for our doors and our 1 year old quickly figured out how to break them in half.  however he can't figure these ones out!<br />i do have one complaint:  it's a pain to lock.  the cover is very hard to open and doesn't open far enough to easily lock the door.  also, if you have push locks, kids can hit the knob and lock it."
i love the product but the lid does not feel solid. it does not leak as long as it is held mostly upright.
"this was such a sweet addition to the nursery.  just make sure wyou put it where you want it because it doesn't restick very well.  it comes in several different sections for shipping reasons.  lining them up is not that hard, just make sure you get it right the first stick."
"living in a 2/1, we wanted a potty that would be a great trainer but not take up a lot of floor space.  so far so good...while we aren't actually training yet, our daughter is interested enough to sit on it."
though the price point may be less desirable (hence 4 stars) this car seat is the best.  i can't tell you how many times people have commented on how great it is to be able to turn the seat so you can strap your kid in properly and easily.  it is a bit heavy when transporting kid and seat to stroller but works great and i still have trunk space for groceries!!!
"i got this for my son for christmas. he is 7 months old now and is starting to play with it. the toy has a lot of different things for him to do. my only real complaint is that the beads in the 3 columns have a lot of static so they don't fall down the way the should. also, my son really wants to chew on it, but there isn't anything really designed for that. it is super sturdy though and stands up well to his banging it on the floor."
"I had one for my son who is now 2, so the models from 2 years ago were much better.  The stuffed animals were bigger and heavier and stayed in place easier.  Seems like the company is now trying to cut corners to make more money.  Still works so much better than a paci with the stuffed animal though!  Although I use the old one from my son much more often and this new one as a backup."
"While one of my 4 month olds finds  pacifiers generally cumbersome, the other loves pacifiers (specifically this one) and learned early on how to put it back in his mouth. I wish the monkey had a little weight to it (kind of like a beanie baby) so that the pacifier would sit on the baby's chest better if it falls out of his mouth. I definitely recommend this to others. Don't get discouraged if it doesn't make life easier right away (0-3 months old). Be persistent and they'll hopefully get used to it soon."
"I ordered the pink elephant and paid the higher price because I wanted to make sure I wasn't given the grey elephant like one reviewer received.  It is very cute, but my grandbaby has a little trouble with the positioning of this pacifier.  I think she will get use to it, but as cute as it is I was diappointed that the pink is not as bright as shown in the picture which is my reason for the four stars.  The one I received is a pale, dusty pink."
My little man cannot get this holder off so easily. It's cute and always a conversation piece. The only drawback is once they start getting wet you might want to watch for wood ware. You would want to replace at that point. All in all it's a cute and great paci-holder.
"Even though my baby did not take this pacifier I still rate it high b/c I was looking for something soft and similar to the nature of my nipple, and I find this pacifier to be closest to that. As for my baby he does not seem to be a pacifier baby. Just like to use mom as his pacifier."
These are great. I love the Boston Red Sox. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the part the child sucks on is a little short- quite a bit shorter than any regular brand.
"baby loves it, fits play-yard well, durable and sturdy good for afternoon naps, travel and play.<br />it does 'not fold."
nice pacifiers that come with a carry strap the description says for older babies i though it would be good for my 8 month old but when they came they say 12 months and up on them so besides that a nice set
"my little boy loves the puppy, only problem is he wants to play with the puppy while sucking on the pacifier and ends up pulling it out of his mouth. i'd say it's still worth the money one way or another. it was shipped and in my mailbox pretty fast too."
"these are the only pacifiers that we use. I love that they can be used in either direction. they are difficult to find sometimes in the night because they are clear, but i like the clear because i can still see their face! i would dispose of them after 6 months or so because they can get a yellowish color inside which would be an indicator of mildew."
"These are sturdy and seem to stay in well. If you can find a good price on them, you should stock up, since these have a way of getting lost."
"The pacifier is really good, but you choose one color and they send you the color they have on stock so it is not always the color you are expecting"
"didn't seem to do much for our baby. she felt like the nipple was gagging her whenever we had her use it. maybe she just had a petite mouth. can't say for certain, but be warned if she likes the tiny nipple from the hospital, she may not enjoy these."
"these are great little spoons.  my 15 month old loves them.  i wish they were just a bit deeper and longer. it is difficult for my toddler to get much food on these, though sometimes that is a good thing for mess control.  they work best for us with things like applesauce and yogurt. i also am mixed about how tiny they are.  they are small enough that my toddler loves holding them in his hand, but they are so easy to lose. i wish green eats offered a bigger size as well."
"this bib has a good size for a larger 4mos old baby and super comfortable. the shape holds up ok after wag but since there is no structure, it can curl just a little. it's not a sturdy bib, easily wet and need to e changed often ( this is a 100% cotton materiel)<br />snap button is a nice touch and price is fair. like this bib but don't expect too much."
"We bought these once our son reached three months and thus outgrew the Soothies he had since birth. Those always fell out of his mouth, so we'd have to hold them in for him to suck on them. Since these have the little bump on the nipple (the Soothies are straight), I hoped our son would be able to suck on these more easily and thus keep them in his mouth. Maybe he's just not good with a pacifier, but these still pop right out."
"Love these for my kiddo. I can find them in the dark, and so can he. What's not to love about that?"
"this is a good pacifier, just wish that I did not have to have the baby use it.  But it's ok... because if the baby needs this, this is actually one of the more commonly used paci.  but make sure you notice the age because the older months are harder and larger.  so just read carefully..."
These are pretty well made and were abig hit at a recent party.  Various colors for all your needs. Go for it!
"as expected, the babyganoosh fits my vista stroller perfectly.  we were previously using an infant size urban bundleme, but at 9 months, my daughter was getting a little too long to use the bundleme with the stroller.  i like the babyganoosh because of the nylon lining in the shoe area to repel dirt and the water/wind-resistant fabric that keeps baby warm and cozy.  my few complaints are 1)it only goes waist high.  we could zip the bundleme as high as her chin and keep her warm without having to put a coat on her; 2)when i had to go inside, but wanted to keep my daughter in the stroller, we could almost completely unzip the bundleme and fold away the top layer so she didn't get too hot.  you can unzip the one zipper, but can't really open up the babyganoosh.  there really isn't a good way to tuck the flaps away."
"my three month old loves this. she falls asleep to it almost every night.  it has great colors.  the two downsides to this:<br /><br />1. batteries run out a lot, plus it takes c batteries (who still has these stocked up at home)<br /><br />2. the music i find to be annoying.  the baby loves it but i have to shut the door."
this allows for baby's growth (multiple cushions) and is very soft.  i tried other options for fitting my newborn into his car seat and so far this was the best.
"the chair is very well made and my little boy loves it.  now he can sit in his mickey chair while watching mickey on tv.  the only thing they could have improved on is the rocking chair version.  the chair comes with rounded panels you can screw onto the bottom of the chair to make it a rocking chair.  i did this, but the weight of the chair is not even and it is hard to rock.  the chair mostly just leans back."
this product is good but the almost- identical bear has that crinkle material inside the head which my baby really likes. i don't know why they didn't put it in the dog too.
"i bought this item on a limb, there were barley any reviews or anything. i absolutley love this product. the jogging stroller itself was not hard to assemble at all when you follow the instructions. once built the stroller is extremley light weight and perfect for jogging. the jogger i recived had a bad battery, but once i got a new one the pedometer was great. i would fix the volume level on the mp3 player, or at least have it come with a volume control. the car seat does sit very upright as i have read in some reviews, but that was perfect for myself, considering that my little one loves to look around at the world when we are out jogging. this stroller is not made to jog in while car seat is attached! than the product would be wobble due to the improper distribution of weight. the parent tray is wonderful, and fits my wide based avent bottles all the way too 11 oz, and the storage is wonderfully large, fitting my diaper bag and things without affecting the stroller negativley. i did not however purchase this item through amazon, because it was 259 for the stroller and 268 for shipping and handling to a guam military information, and for any military out there, that is a rip off since all companies do not have to pay extra money to ship out to military bases.<br /><br />bottom line, i would recommend to a friend, infact i'm getting complaints every day!"
love this.  it does tear kind of easily and i was very careful due to other reviews and i still ripped it a little on one side after a few uses.  i still recommend it though because a little tear is better than having the kids just exposed. it covers graco duoglider very well.
i liket this because my baby is infatuated with it. she will clean her teeth for 10 to 15 minutes a day and she's also learning dexterity as she grips the banana peels that act like handles. what a nice little brush for baby's first teeth!
"should have snaps instead of velcro!  the small one inch square velcro dots don't hold, especially the bottom one that winds up on the underside of the carrier.  it's a great design with the head room for baby as the cover attaches to the carrier handle- my sister in law quite using her low profile cover after baby turned 7 months because baby didn't like it- it just doesn't stay closed unless you add snaps."
my neice loves playing with it. she is 8 months old. i even videotaped her playing with it when she wasn't looking.
"with this potty seat i discovered that my daughter almost always felt good going potty in new locations because she always had her potty seat. i had to make a cross country trip and it was super convenient for my newly (2 weeks) potty trained toddler. our only struggle was going in a port-a-potty and even grown ups have that problem sometimes.<br /><br />it is small enough to fit in my purse ([[asin:b0088wje6i timbuk2 harriet women's shoulder bag]]),light, and super easy to always have handy. the liners that come with it attach to the potty nicely and make it not messy. the only struggle was to get it to stand straight up on it's own, but as soon as i got the feel for how to push the legs up though it was fine.<br /><br />i highly recommend this product for anyone potty training or even as a seat to leave at relatives house as it is small & easy to store!"
"saved our leather seats, just wish the backing was a bit longer to allow for more height. easy to remove, clean and captures all of the cherrios, goop, and other crazy kids stuff without harming your seats."
"Genuine product<br />Took a while to get here (1 week longer than specified), had to contact them to find out when they would be here."
"overall, this video monitor is great! it's easy to use and works well for us. the picture is pretty clear and the night vision works great.<br /><br />the only downfall is that it totally takes down my 2.4 ghz wireless internet. luckily, most of my devices support 5 ghz. but for the devices that only work on the 2.4 ghz frequency, they're down while the monitor is on."
"we needed a baby gate and this one fit the bill in terms of length and quality. you need to buy the extentions based on how wide of base you have, but most of the different products out there require a base because they dont build them very wide. our son loves to stand up against the gate and pull at it. so far, he has not been able to pull it over or get through. you get your money's worth and definitely the best one for the price. others recommended this one and i will agree with them."
"this turtle is very cute. it seems well made, considering it is a plastic toy, and both of my kids (ages 11 months and almost 5 years) love it for bath time. unfortunately, the head is a squirt toy, like a rubber ducky, and those are notorious for mold growth. i did not realize this was the case when i purchased the turtle and i'm not sure i still would have had i known. it seems unnecessary for this toy as the head is hard to squeeze because it's attached to a plastic ring anyway and a head with no holes in it would have been just as fun. for the $2 i paid - thanks to a facebook deal - it was worth the cost. maybe $3. i don't think it's worth full price since it will need to be tossed in a couple of months."
"this is a good rain shield, but it is not super easy to put onto the stroller. it also seems a bit unbreathable compared to the rain shield for our other stroller, which has a nice flap that can be lifted up and leaves air flaps open at all times. that said, this gets the job done, is made from sturdy plastic, and works well with the stroller. i do think this is pretty overpriced for what it is (a piece of plastic). it should cost about $20."
"this was inexpensively priced and somewhat flimsy, but works well.  it is light enough for our children to handle in taking on and off the toilet, yet the seat stays on fairly well.  a wiggly child could upset it, but we just made sure our kids learned to treat as a tool, not a toy.  they could use it unsupervised within the first few weeks and we have had for six months now.  cleanup is much easier than with our old potty chair, and while the seat is cushioned, the material that covers the seat is tough enough to withstand small fingers picking at it.  our two-year need a few months to grow into it, at first it was too tall for him.  for that reason we are keeping the old potty chair for our 3 month old to use someday, but we will switch to the step up as soon as we can.  the only thing i really don't like are the handles - they are too short and placed to far forward to be of much use.  however as soon as our two year old was used to it, he didn't need to use the handles anyway."
"this is great for windy, rainy, or overly sunny weather.  only thing i do not like is that when it is in the car, it is a pain to take it on and off.  i wish there was a way to have it draw string up around the handle when in the car, etc. to see baby. otherwise, great product."
fun idea to give as a lil added gift to your babyshower gift.  was a bit diappointed on how it was packaged tho...was like it was repackaged.
The wubbanub is great my daughter can hold onto it and put it in herself all the time when she wants it.  Less likely to lose it.  It's a must have if you are going to use a pacifier.
i love how this carseat will last my daughter her whole time in a carseat. i am a strong believer in extended rear facing so i wish it would extend a higher weight limit. it is also tricky to get the base to stay tight once you put the seat on. other than that love it!
"The orthodontic design seems well done, and I like the air holes and handle. But our baby (3 months) can't keep it in his mouth without help...although this could be our baby and not an issue with the pacifier. ;)"
"These pacifiers are okay. My 22-month-old seems happy with them, and I like that they easily attach to various pacifier clips (my favorite is the booginhead clip). However, the grip part can be noisy and distracting because the baby can play with it by flipping it up and down while sucking on the pacifier."
This product performed exactly as I expected... the stuffy on the end does give it a 25% higher chance of staying in your infant's mouth... but the real reason I like it is it makes it harder for the pacifier to get lost! (much easier to find as you're running out the door)
"My son loves these pacifiers. The only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars is because of the cleaning/ sanitizing issue they have.<br />The first pacifiers we got we had to throw after we washed them with hot soupy water- the soup went inside the pacifiers and there is no way to get it out.<br />Second set of pacifiers we throw after we sanitized them. The steam went into the pacifiers and when my son start sucking on the pacifier, it was making  noise.<br />My advise is - just wash the dirty pacifier with warm water.<br />I will definitely recommend these pacifiers!!! My son loooovess them. I had tried almost all different brands on him, he likes only these."
"These are great. I especially like them because they are much easier to sanitize than other pacifiers. I do wish they were a little softer, since that is what my baby seems to prefer. I do like the colors of these as well."
I purchased on pack as a gift and the other for me (multi-color 'stache pack).  Great way to distinguish your beer!
I bought one of these for my son after he stuck his whole pacifier in his mouth and scared me to death.  It has the green pacifier like you get at the hospital. He used it for a long time and would rub the legs as he was falling asleep at night.<br /><br />My only complaint is that you can't replace the pacifier if it would be a crack in it.  It is sewn into the animal's mouth which makes it very secure (and un-swallowable!) but it would be nice to be able to replace it if need be.
"Just because he鈥檚 a baby don鈥檛 mean he can鈥檛 have some attitude. He is half you, right? May as well be your darker half, haha. Also, the sounds people as they catch a glimpse are simply priceless"
"The saying on the pacifier is great, but for my 3 month old the nipple portion is too big for her."
It's a great pacifier.<br />What I like is it is a great value for money.<br />I bought same pacifier for 10$ each!<br />Only thing is the tip is more plastic like vs. silicon
"They are cute and in good quality, but I wish they have covers.  I have covers from other pacifiers, but don't work with these."
"So, it's hard to mess up this product. My daughter likes they. She carries them around in handfulls. THey are easy to clean and brightly colored. Total success."
"My grandson loves his WubbaNub Elephant, Giraffe and Dragon - we loved the Giraffe so much we bought two more to make sure he would always have one near by!"
"The thing is, luckily our baby is not into pacifiers. He likes them only for a bit and these do the job."
"i wasn't expecting the material to be shiney, but it isn't too bad. it may not be worth the price. it is basically for looks. it has 2 side pockets for bottles and a hidden pocket inside with a changing matt. it is great if you have one baby because it doesn't hold alot. overall i liked it. it was the alternative to the diaper dude bag, which was twice the price as this one"
"we are very satisfied with this product! the only reason i gave it 4 stars is that it's a little pricey. the price for the product plus the price of shipping makes it a little much, but i was willing to pay it because the playpen mattress topper is great and i wanted sheets that would fit. they were fast with delivery, too."
"My second child LOVED these!  Unfortunately, my third couldn't keep them in her mouth.  They really are great for newborns though if they can keep them in.  Very soft and it's nice to have the nose cut out.  I do prefer the vanilla scented ones better though."
"I like this pacifier because it seems to make all the difference in the ease of breastfeeding. The other pacifiers had that odd shaped &#34;orthodontic&#34; nipple and I honestly think it made my little one confused when using it because she always spit it right out. This one has a rounded &#34;nipple like&#34; shape and she took right to it, and there was no problem with breastfeeding either. The only thing I do not care for is the fact that it sometimes seems to come up over her nose when she is sleeping, which bothered me at first but it doesn't seem to restrict her breathing at all. I was told by a friend to try the gumdrop ones because there is a cutout area for their noses, but she spit those right out as well. This Soothie pacifier seems to be the only one she will take and like."
"read reviews & determined that i would have to just try it before i know if i like it or not.  it's somewhat oily, and has a &#34;clean&#34; smell, but i just don't associate it with babies.  it gets the bottom clean and works great but it's not for me."
overall i'd say this monitor is pretty good. its much clearer than the one i bought for my first child. and i love the option to talk into it. im not crazy that there's only 5 volume levels tho:-/ and that the lights at the top are so small & only on the front side but other than that for $60 i think i got a pretty good monitor.
Very cute  and  useful.  It  does  a  good  job  keeping  the  pacifier  in  the  babies  mouth.  Easy  find in the  seat.
These pacifiers are cute. My daughter actually doesn't take a pacifier so I haven't used these much. I got the blue ones which is a little annoying. Why can't we pick our design?? I boiled these to sterilize and water got inside the pacifier. I don't think that makes it very sanitary later on. But I'm giving it 4 stars because of how cute they are and how flat they lay on my baby's face (when she took them. )
"I finally broke down and ordered one of these.  It is really cute and it is the kind of pacifier my daughter used since birth.  Unfortunately, as soon as we got this she started sucking her thumb and didn't want a pacifier anymore."
"i got two of these BB pacifiers..i have two first cousins who are both expecting in 2013.  even if their moms let the baybees use the pink lips once, its still worth the price.  btw the typo is intended. hence BIlly Bob ... i thought spelling baby wrong would add humor...anyhow makes a good gag gift."
I liked the product it went very well<br />I am not sure yo guys why you need 19 word in this review to require review....I just think it s simply good
My son loves his wubbanub.  I love the extra weight the monkey adds to the pacifier so it's not as likely to fly around.  My only complaint is that the monkey is kind of challenging to clean.  I will there were some way the pacifier detached from the monkey.
These look great but are too big for our daughter even at 4 months and she is a tall and active girl. I don' think we'll be using these till at least 6 months of age.<br /><br />Maybe its because our daughter has been used to Avent Pacifiers which are much smaller in size and work far better for her.
"My son loves the soothie nuks so I bought this one. It is extremely cute, but my son keeps pulling it out of his mouth by the legs lol!"
"I would always recommend this baby pacifier. It's great quality, and the babies love the different animals that come attached."
"Very cute, my husband is a braves fan and so these are perfect for our baby girl and her daddy!"
"This pacifier is big, so I don't use it that much, but my son will tolerate it when we use it.  He like to chew all around it and it soothes his gums."
"I wish the pacifier could somehow be detached from the stuffed animal so I could clean it easily. I usually throw it into the washer to clean and then air dry. Because it is time consuming to clean it, I have bought an extra as a backup. I have this giraffe and the cow. They are both really cute and the animals weight keeps the pacifier from rolling off my baby's tummy onto the floor."
This is cute and gets the job done. It's nice that it has a snap too so I can attach it to my purse or carseat.
"so, i had my first child about a month ago, and we picked this pad up due to the great reviews.<br /><br />pros:<br />1. let me just say, that i think this changing pad is leaps and bounds better than most of the ones i've seen at any baby store, and it cost less than many of them.<br />2. the size and shape seems perfect. my daughter has plenty of room to grow into it, it keeps her contained, and all the covers we bought fit it without any issues.<br />3. it's light and easily portable. anything that lessens the time from where my daughter does her business to the changing pad is a-okay in my book. so, being able to take this room to room is great.<br />4. the waterproof cover works great. here's a heads up to you soon to be new parents, give your baby a bit of time before changing their diapers. trust me, they aren't done. unless you want to frantically throw whatever you have handy over their lower region as they begin covering everything around them in the ungodly black tar substance they've been saving up for you over the last nine months.<br /><br />cons:<br />okay, flaw time. the bottom is waaaaay too slick. since it is so light, it will slide around like no ones business if you place the pad on a flat surface (wood, linoleum, etc.). when your kid is screaming bloody murder and flailing around with with the surprising strength of 1000 men, you don't want to worry about the pad moving around as well. it's not a huge deal, but do yourself a favor and pick up some of the sticky pads that you put under rugs to keep them from sliding around."
"my son loves these sippy cups. i first bought one when he was about 10 months old and he is a year now. however, he dropped one over the side of his pack-n-play and it completely cracked up the side! i contacted nuby and the customer service was very nice and helpful. they immediately shipped out a replacement and and envelope for me to send back the cracked one. other than that, they don't leak and are very easy for my son to hold and drink from."
love the idea of this hat. my ds will instantly fall asleep when we put this on him. however he did start to get a heat rash bc he sweats so much. that was the only downside to this....
"our monitor helps us out a lot. however, you most likely would have to engineer a way to hold down the camera. also, the battery of the monitor did not last any. we have to have it plugged in all the time."
perfect size and is easy to clean but is not the cheapest toddler tub out there. be sure to always supervise cause it falls over easily.
"just a thought before you spend good money on these: wait to purchase them until after your milk comes in! i did a lot of research about these nursing pads and decided to go ahead and just splurge and get them for myself. unfortunately i haven't used them once. a few days after my milk came in my supply decreased and i have had low milk supply since - no worries for me about leaking! so before you spend good money you may just want to wait and make sure you are actually going to need them! also, in my opinion, if i did actually need these i probably would have gotten the small pack next time. i don't think i would ever need this many of each.<br /><br />i gave the product 4 stars because they seem like a really nice quality pad. unfortunately i don't know how well they work since i never got to use them!"
it works great very satisfied with it. i just wish it didn't fall so easily. if u forget you have them on and walk around the house chances are they are getting lost. that happened to me and in desperation i ordered another one and now i found the lost one and have 2 pairs or well.
i bought this to keep at my house for when my six month old grandson comes to visit...  he is at that age where he is sitting up and playing with toys.  he loves this seat..  :)
"i have tried many, many brands of sippy cups. i have twin toddlers (nearly two) who have used various types of sippy cups over the last year. i find that most cups leak or have too many parts to take apart and put back together when you have 2 little girls begging for a drink. these cups have 3 parts - the cup, the lid, and 1 plastic part that stops leaks. i wash them in the dishwasher and have been using this brand and type of munchkin cup for several months. i very rarely have a leak and it's usually my own fault. the only reason for 4/5 stars is that these lids are tighter than the other munchkin, 'non-hello kitty' lids, so i can only use these lids on these two munchkin click 2 lock cups, which is disappointing. however, it is still a great purchase!"
"works pretty well.  i like that it has a squelch (they call it sensitivity). the house isn't huge, but i have ton of wireless devices and it works flawlessly.  comes with a battery pack if you want to unhook the parent unit and move it temporarily. i have no complaints and would suggest it to others."
"my 6 month old has lots of fun with this. it has lots to play with and is nice because u can take it out of the suction cup to play on the floor or in the car seat. my only negative is, like all suction toys, it tends to not stick so great. when he plays with it and pulls on it, it pops right off the high chair.  also it is a bit heavy so when it does come off it kinda hurts when it flies at u."
great metal cover. i wish it had a little bit brighter colors but it still looks nice in the room :)
"we live in an apartment so wanted a crib that didn't dwarf our nursery. this was a great choice. we got the item in honey oak. although the wood is soft as others write, it is overall a good quality piece. we bought the crescent mini crib mattress and it fits perfectly. as for sheets we got the gerber knit crib sheets at babies r us - a great fit."
"this product is outstanding for monitoring your little one.  we had a crib monitor &#34;angel care&#34; which is amazing but we needed something when our daughter was in her rock n play sleeper or when she was in her basinet.  my wife wanted her to be monitored all the time, not just when she was in her crib.  this was the perfect solution and yes, despite the old style you have maybe read where you couldn't change the batteries, the new style you absolutely can.  the only downfall and why i couldn't give it a perfect score here is the false positives.  only a handful but enough to make me tear off in a sprint to find she had rolled on her side and either the monitor moved or didn't register because of her position. still though, i haven't found a monitor even close to achieving the 24 hr protection this product offers.  it is imperative you place this product snugly in your child's diaper.  the diaper to must be tight so the sensor doesn't shift.  in the end, yes, you should buy this product.  it is great and works well."
i missed that this was for a contoured changing pad but i made it work.  i love everything else except it does not properly fit my changing pad.
"i cannot say enough good things about this travel system. it is really cute, and good quality. i tend to nitpick when i review something an i cannot find anything bad about the carseat or the stroller. i would pay more for both. plus my baby looks comfortable in the carseat and it is very easy to get her in and out. i'm 5'2 115 lbs and i can easily carry the carseat and unfold/fold the stroller.<br /><br />**update**<br />i liked this stroller when i first recieved it, really i liked it because i didn't have another one to compare it to. i am a first time mom who has been using this stroller for about 7 months now, i have used it at the mall, parking lots, sidewalk, airport, and also gate checked it on several connecting flights overseas (a total of 8 times). i recently was gifted a nicer stroller (maxi cosi foray lx) and bought a lightweight stroller (bumbleride indie) so now i have a better gauge on the performance of this stroller. the complaint i have with this stroller is the stroller itself is heavy, and even though it is a one-handed fold, its almost impossible to wheel it away because the front wheels hit the back wheels when you are rolling it along and the wheels rub together, making it hard to wheel away so many times i would just carry the stroller. the basket underneath drags on the ground sometimes when you fold it up. the wheels have also somehow warped (maybe due to abuse from the gate checking?) so that when i wheel the stroller away it sometimes veers off the the side. it is definitely not a one-handed push and the handles do not telescope out or anything (may be a problem if you are taller). there is a reasonable amount of padding where my child sits but it does not go completely upright, she leans back a little and seems to be a tad annoyed about it. the reclining mechanism is a strap that has a clamp on the end, and you pinch it to move the recline. the child tray is adequate and fits all my daughter's sippy cups. it is easily removable. the basket underneath is large but does not quite fit my daughters diaper bag (semi-full jujube be prepared) so i hang it on the handles. the canopy doesn't come out all the way (wish it would come out even halfway) so it doesn't protect her face from the sun. there is no peek-a-boo window on the canopy either. when i use it as a travel system i am happy with it, but definitely not as a stand-alone stroller. i am still happy with the carseat, and for the price, this is still a good travel system. i am glad i replaced the stroller though."
our car seats (true fit by first years) fit in these bags (we have 2) with little room left for jackets (you could easily fit a pillow or blanket in with the car seat). they survived getting checked in at the airport without any damage to the bags or the car seats. i'm glad i found these bags and the price is excellent.
washcloths are small and fairly soft. exactly what i expected for the price and perfect for what i need. i use some for bathing as well as wipes. great purchase
"i used this when potty training my son. he was only interested in it for a day or so, but he understood that the doll was \\going potty.\\ i wouldn't spend the money on the fancy anatomically correct ones. plus this is easily machine washable!"
"i bought sophie the giraffe, but my 4 month old couldn't grasp it or fit it in his mouth (although when he was older he grew to love sophie - buy one!).  holding it for him all day was out of the question.  i found these and he had a much easier time.  at 8 months old, he still chews on these rings (and he has 2 teeth now).  i personally don't like the scent - i think it is too strong, which is why i gave them 4 stars."
"all buyers should read the reviews and details of this product to ensure no surprise when item is received. yes, the eyes and whiskers r brown (instead of black), exactly as the picture shown, but this is just the style and design of this particular piece. both my daughter (4 yr old) and myself have no problem with that. actually the washed out colors (as shown) is better as a &#34;watermark&#34; background on the floor. i can see that the material (imagine a hello kitty stuffed toy just being flattened) will not be extremely durable upon use, but it is soft to the little feet, and for this price, we won't ask for more!"
i wanted something to keep baby warm without bulky coats in the carseat. i am pleased with this product. it goes on and is removed easily. my only complaint is that it does not completely cover baby's head.
"i havent used them yet( due dec 1st ) however, they are soft and feels like it will keep my lil one warm during these winter months.<br /><br />these are nice towels, they do the job and the price is fair. def will cont to purchase snuggle baby towels from amazon."
this product is super easy to set up and baby absolutely loves it. surprisingly light.  great product that can be adjusted to height of baby. i have a 4 month old who is able to use product----warning baby must be able to hold head up good. the only complaint i have is that some of the items have stickers on them so wiping them wears stickers off. kind of disappointing for $100 product.
The crib rail is everything we needed for. It allows us satisfaction that our baby will be safe while he in the crib. Recommend it highly.
It was exactly how it was pictured on the website & it was cheap. I also thought it was very cute
This was for my 6 month old son.  If you like the Soothie pacifiers it works well.  Though the previous wubanub I ordered allowed you to remove the pacifier from the mouth of the stuffed animal.  This did not.  Annoying but not prohibiting.
I bought this for my three month old son. The passy was too small for his liking but I knew that might be an issue when I bought it. But it was too cute not to give it a try. Since my son wouldn't take the passy I cut it out and sewed his on instead. Realistically I could've just bought a small stuffed animal and sewed his in cheaper but you live and learn. This is for younger babies. Wish the company made these for different ages. But me sewing his in works just fine.
"We ended up purchasing these through Amazon just as a result of having three children and being stuck at home! They are generally cheaper in stores than here. As far as their quality, it is very high. I love the high grade silicone and these are the only pacifiers my daughter would use. They come in a glow in the dark line which is helpful for locating by nightlight."
our baby has been using his wubbanub since newborn.  he absolutely loves it.  the nipple is soft enough to chew and the dinosaur helps him with his grasp.
"i have really enjoyed this high chair.  my son was born in october 2012 and we had originally purchased a different high chair, an eddie bauer - wooden high chair that didn't have wheels and had a straight back, and it was so uncomfortable for my little man. i couldn't put him in it until he was able to sit up on his own at about 3-4 months old.  i wish we had gotten the graco blossom high chair originally because the seat is very nicely padded, can be reclined for little ones that can't support themselves yet, and i love that it has 4 different seating options.  we are now expecting baby #2 so it is really nice that i'll be able to use this 1 chair for both babies b/c the new baby can be in a reclined position while my 1 year old can sit in the separate booster seat.  i also love that it has wheels.  the only thing that would make it better is if the front wheels weren't fixed, but that is easy enough to work around."
i was in a bind and really need the tubing fast and not take forever for shipping. it as what i needed and it fit my medela breast pump. since i'm boring it from a friend and i had to find everything for it.<br />good buy and good price.
it is a good product expecially for the price.  it can be used as a high chair at first and then as a booster seat after the child is a little older.  i liked it
we bought for our son and daughter in law = they love it but it doesn't fit in the trunk of their car.  measure before buying!
My baby uses this since infancy until now. We are very happy with the product. highly recommend for baby. We love it
"My Grandson loved this little Wubbanub, it was a little smaller than some of the other wubbabnubs but it was cute. It's perfect for little hands."
"My daughter loves these pacifiers. Wish they stayed in her mouth easier but it is nice how there is no &#34;upside down&#34; and have the handle which is helping baby learn to put her pacifier back in her mouth. The handle is also great for pacifier straps, not all pacifiers can use standard straps.<br /><br />Also dislike that you can't choose colors, probably will just purchase the next level at Target so I can choose.<br /><br />I waited two weeks before breaking down and giving my daughter a pacifier. Now we both love these!"
very cute.  quality is not bad for the price.  pacifier is for 3 months though.  Thought it would be for new born.  No big deal.  I can wait till he grows into it.
"I'm a big fan of these being made from a natural rubber versus synthetic. As a plastics engineer, even though many pacifiers are bpa-free I prefer the natural rubber for my child.<br /><br />My child started using a Dr. Brown's orthodontic pacifier at 3 weeks but was not a big pacifier fan until trying Avent Soothie at 4 weeks. Luckily we had received several as shower gifts. However the course of the next 8 weeks we managed to lose 3!  I also had read about replacing pacis at 6-8 weeks. I would agree with this when they're teething or if they reuse the same one frequently. But if you have enough to rotate than its bit necessary.<br /><br />I ordered these due to low Soothie supply & the age cap of 3 months. I like that these can go to 6 months instead.  My daughter has only tried for 1 day & although not as crazy about this one as the Soothie (they have to work harder because of the thickness & opening inside the paci) she likes it!  If I had started with this over Soothie I think she would have gone right for it.<br /><br />Overall a great product & only gets 4 instead of 5 stars b/c of my daughter's preference for Soothies!"
Great idea ; cute monkey but my 6 month old great neice didn't like it.she would not use it at all.
"The toy is adorable, and very soft. It is easy for baby to grab and manipulate. The major problem is that the Soothie that is attached to it is the 0-3 month size, and I cannot find them anywhere in a size bigger. As my son just hit the 3 Month mark, I will be forced to upgrade to the 3-6 month Soothie and take away the monkey that he has grown accustomed to. And that might make things very difficult."
Size fits only one pacifier and is tight but handy when finding binky Fast. Other reviewers say fits two pacifiers. Quality seems good (but haven't had very long--Hope it holds up.) Easy to clean.
"So I bought this to use in my diaper bag as a wet bag for when we are going places. Unfortunately, it ended up being too small to really hold the amount of diapers I would go through (I have twins.) For one baby it would probably be perfect, though! I do keep this rolled up and in my bag in case I need to stash wet clothes in them or something.<br /><br />Sadly, I never used the little paci bag.<br /><br />If I could go back, I wouldn't purchase this, but I can't give the product a few stars because... it's well made! It does its job. I just didn't need it as much as I thought I would.<br /><br />My daughter loves blowing the paci bag up like a balloon and playing with it. It's THAT waterproof. REALLY high quality! :)<br /><br />In a nutshell... for more than one baby, probably too small. For a long-day outing... probably too small. For a quick run, probably perfect! But, who wants to spend money on a bag you can only use part of the time?"
"I have tried several different types / brands of pacifiers.  My baby did not like any of them,  I ordered these because my son used this kind and I could no longer find them at the store. She liked these more than any other type that I have purchased."
"This pacifier is adorable when paired with my 6-month old's monster onesie for Halloween. The pacifier is made well and doesn't have any harmful products like BPA. My only issue is that the pacifier is way too heavy for my 6-month old to keep in his mouth. This is a very heavy pacifer so it's not something we use daily, or all day. He has pacifiers that he uses all day at school but this one would not serve that purpose. I bought it mainly for Halloween and for that it is great."
"A good thermometer with clinically relevant results. When used in body mode, it gives the same results as the Santa Medical RY230 IR thermometer. Regarding the delivery, it was delivered in the last day of the given interval and the tracking was really bad."
"Our oldest had the bear Wubanub and it had a bit more weight and substance to the plush toy.  This little cow is so sweet, very soft and squishy and light as air.  It's tummy is a pink floral pattern.  I am just oncerned that the plush toy part won't hold up to wear and tear as it seems pretty delicate."
I bought this as a gift.  I think is is so cute.  I will not see it for a few months and I can update my review after AI see it.  But I wanted something just sort of fun for my daughters diaper bag. I am hoping this is it!
No more toys on the ground. The only negative is some fraying of the straps. My son seems to think they taste good too :)
I use all Avent products and really like them. The pacifiers have held up to multiple washes and constant gnawing from a one toothed 8 month old. Water does get inside the nipple when submerged in water and has to be shaken out. The inside does get a little cloudy over time so I replace them after about 6 months.
"My daughter loves her WubbaNub - although my husband thinks I like it more. It's great for her to wrap her arms around and keep in her mouth - she is only 12 weeks old. Its also a lot easier to find around the house and especially in the diaper bag. The only downside is that the top of the passie is so high that it presses on her nose - leaving the tip of her nose red and looking like Rudolph. Hopefully once she gets bigger, this won't happen anymore."
"I love it! Only thing I wish the soothie was detachable, otherwise great product. Easy to find if it's dropped. The giraffe is so cute."
Smaller than it looks and so the font on the pacifier is pretty small too. A little disappointed because I chose this one over another one that was only about a dollar more ...that one had the cute little semi-circle handle attachment too. Well the nipple size is good for a newborn so it's a keeper.
"i love that the snaps allow this cover to fit varying size and growing babies. cloth lining makes it very comfortable for baby. this has kept all messes, big and small, inside. every now and then stuff gets on the cover lining, usually when it's a heavy one. heavy or normal messes still leave the cover smelling a bit like urine after a few uses, probably because the lining will soak up moisture also. our routine now seems to be to alternate about two covers a day with hand washing and line drying once a day to prevent stink (obviously a washer wash with bigger messes). not a big deal for us, we just wash it real quick in the shower and hang it in the bathroom."
"i bought this for my son who has a tendency to suddenly bolt when we are in big crowds. he is 8 and is the size of a 12 year old, so i was worried that it might be too small. but it actually is very big and will likely fit him for numerous years. the only downside is that he can undo the buckle himself, but i'll come up with something to cover it so that he can't. i'm pleased with my purchase."
"i bought this as a replacement for a more traditional night light.  definitely cuter than the other night light, but it isn't as bright (that could be a benefit, depending on what you want).<br /><br />my 2-year old daughter definitely prefers this to the other night light.  she loves hello kitty, and she was absolutely delighted when it arrived.  however, every so often she tries to play with it, which worries me."
"we bought this backpack for our 2 1/2 year old daughter to take to preschool. it is very well made and seems durable, although we've only had it two weeks. it is small enough that she can easily wear it on her back, but large enough to fit her belongings. i am able to fit two extra outfits in this bag, plus a travel package of baby wipes. the shoulder straps are somewhat far apart, but this makes it easier for my daughter to get the pack on and off. she does not have a problem carrying it on her back. the design is cute and i am happy that she doesn't have the same backpack as every other little girl in her class."
"super cute pacifier, and appears to be good quality. i didn't expect my son to love it since it's more of a novelty pacifier, and he doesn't. he'll tolerate it for a few minutes, just enough for people to see how cute it is. i would buy it again, it was a good price for how cute it is."
"i love this sun shade, i previously had a shade for a specific stroller, was great, other than the velcro on the stroller pulled the mesh, and was continually something i was having to fiddle with when folding and unfolding (as long as my stroller when unfolded) i love how this will fit any stroller! my only tweak would be a separate bag for the shade that could hang off the back of the stroller when not in use.  i think the current pocket storage is a bit fiddly to figure out, and i'm not sure i am even doing it correctly.  but all in all, we love this awning."
Love the wubbanubs!!! This was for a gift so I don't know how it's holding up but I purchased two others for my son and he used them for almost a year although he wasn't a big pacifier fan. It was our go to for car rides and daycare.<br /><br />This item shipped fast from the seller.  The only downfall was the packaging it came in.  It was just in a plastic bag.  When I have purchased these in the past they were in plastic containers which makes a much nicer presentation for a gift.
"When my son was less than 5 months this was a little too heavy for him, we used it just around the house and for emergencies. Now, at 6 months he's stronger and it's really nice to have!! However, even though he is stronger it does seem to get knocked/drop out of his mouth easier than those without the toys on them.<br />The little stuffed toy does help with locating it... I can NEVER seem to find the pacifiers that are just solo. Overall, I really like it and would recommend!!"
generally okay socks. cute and do the job of covering the feet but not the best regarding slip resistance. they ran small for my dd. she wore them for 6-12 months instead of the suggested 12-24 months.
"i received this item being a little skeptical since there is only one picture on the website but, i must say that i am happily surprised. it has beautiful quality and it is very plush. the accompanying fitted sheet is nice and soft and even though im not a fan of bed skirts it actually looks very nice as well.<br />i wish i could also find some other elements of this bedding set like a diaper stacker or a mobile.<br />overall very nice."
"other reviewers have mentioned this but these liners work great with the bumgenius 2.0 cloth diapers. i think we've tried every brand of disposable liner that amazon sells and these are the best value, in my opinion."
"i bought the aqueduck first and i love it. its snug onto the faucet. i needed another one and since this one came with two, i bought them. it fits unto my faucet but its a lil loose. but for the price, its still worth buying. all my friends love it and now they want one for their houses."
i ordered this stroller for my grandaughter and she loves it. the hood and extra pouch was a nice touch but i really like the idea of having the basket underneath to carry the diaper bag. this is a light weight easy to use (especially lifting in and out of the car) umbrella stroller with the conveinances of a large stroller. the only complant i might have is that the backrest could be just a little higher but it still works fine. grandmas if you want an easy stroller for your grandkids this is the one to have.
so i bought these in blue too and had issues with the opening snaps being too difficult to open for the kids. these ones were easier.....kids had no problems opening these ones. maybe it's just a hit or miss....maybe the blue lids will get easier to open with time....dunno. still very happy with product.
these sunglasses worked great.  it took a little time to adjust them to the perfect fit.  on that note we love that they are adjustable since every little baby is different.
"my son stopped taking bottles when he was about 2 months old, so we decided to introduce a sippy cup around 4.5 months. although this product says 6+ months, it's similar to others that are labelled 4+ months, so we tried it anyway. this is his favorite sippy cup! he took right to it and now it's our first choice when feeding him (his second favorite is a [[asin:b000rqubag playtex baby the first sipster spill-proof 7 oz cup: boy colors]]).<br /><br />we really like the cup too and think it has may advantages over his other cups:<br />1. it's only five ounces. we're feeding him breast milk from it, so the smaller size is better since we only feed him 2-3 ounces per feeding.<br />2. it has a cap. no matter how \\spill proof\\ a cup is, they all tend to drip a little, especially if they're dropped or transported with liquid in them. this cup also comes with an insert to go under the spout (like the kind that come in bottles), so the sippy cup has two ways to keep it from leaking while transporting, on top of the \\spill proof\\ spout.<br />3. the handles project from the bottom of the cup instead of the top, which seems better for my son's little hands. also, the handles are removable, which makes it easier to transport the cup in a bottle cooler. you can also tilt the handles a bit by attaching them at an angle, which can help your child drink (e.g. if the handles are at an angle, the baby can hold the cup so that the handles are parallel to the floor, but the angle of the cup is tilted towards the baby's mouth, helping the fluid to flow more easily out of the cup).<br />4. the pattern is great! my son loves to look at this cup.<br /><br />the big disadvantage of the cup is that the spout is flimsy. my son doesn't have any teeth yet and, although he chomps on the spout a little with his gums, he doesn't do it much. he's only used this sippy cup once every day or two for about three weeks and the spout already broke. i ordered replacement spouts ([[asin:b004fpyg7o nuk replacement silicone spout, clear]]), but i strongly caution you to check the spout before each use. the part that broke was a small piece bridging the multiple holes in the spout. if i hadn't stopped using it when i noticed the damage, i worry that a small chunk of silicone could have broken off and my son would have swallowed it. it probably would have been small enough to cause him no harm, but i still don't want pieces of silicone in my baby's tummy, and i doubt you would either!<br /><br />still, the cup is great and my son loves it. if you get this cup, i kindly ask that you please buy replacement spouts rather than buying a new cup each time a spout breaks -- let's try to keep these cups out of landfills! :)"
the monitor shipped quickly and description was very accurate. the monitor it the best i have used so far the screen quality is excellent when the lights are on how ever when all the lights r off or if there's no night light it's hard to see the image of the child but since we are scared of \\monster\\ lol that's no problem for us! i wish they would add a facebook or internet option so if i wanted to upload it to facebook i could... i love the face it has the scan feature . i have 2 kids in the room and i can go from one bed to the next in a quick second. over all i love this monitor and i would recomind it to friends!!!!
"i have a regular bottle brush, but this one is specific for the momma bottles and works great. only complaint is that it is so wide that it doesn't fit in my medela storage capsules. otherwise, great product."
"our daughter, who was breastfed but drank pumped milk from a bottle occasionally, suddenly decided she would not drink take a bottle anymore at 3 months which was putting a lot of pressure on her mother.  normally a calm baby, she would go into hysterics if you tried to give her a silicone nipple.  out of desperation we tried these.  she was less apprehensive on the first try and by the second evening she was happy to take a bottle with the nuk nipple.  we are happy with them, but i understand they do not make the size 2 in this design anymore, so we'll have to see how she reacts to a different nipple as she gets older."
My two year old can undo the snaps so its not very effective for him. It works great for my 3 month old though. Sometimes he holds onto it instead of his toy. I like that its much more stream lined then using those plastic links.
"this isn't the roomiest diaper bag but it has great functionality.  packing the pockets on the inside will quickly fill the diaper bag, great for one baby for everything you need for a day (extra clothes, diapers, bottles, pacifiers, bottles, etc.).  although if you have more than one baby it may be a bit tight to fit.  i haven't used the bento box, but i think it will be great once my daughter starts solids to have snacks at the ready.  even if you aren't using the bento box you do need to keep it in the bag otherwise it will not stand up."
"my 12 week old is still a little young to press the buttons and enjoy the music, but the product works as described in the product ad.  great price."
"love this towel.  our son is 7 months old and it's the perfect size for him.  he is our litter dinosaur so we found this towel fitting :-p.  my only complaint is how expensive it was... $26 bucks for a towel is a little silly if you ask me.  otherwise, we love this item!"
"i am breast feeding mom of over a year now to my daughter. i have two of these pashmama scarves and love them! noone can tell that they are a nursing cover when you are wearing as a decorative scarf. also, it is so easy to just sit down anywhere, pull the cover over you and baby, and nurse! it is a little see through but noone will be able to see anything, even if they stare hard enough! :) this is a great item for hip mommas who want to be in style but feel comfortable nursing in public!"
"This is a great product and it keeps the toys from falling on the floor when attached to the stroller.  However, the ribbon started shredding and came apart after only a few weeks of use.  I called the company and they were very annoying and would not give me a new one and they told me to contact amazon.  Amazon sent me a new package and I sent the broken one back.  Great service from amazon and the product is working just fine.  Must have been a dud."
"The paci itself is absolutely fine, but I'm giving it a four star review because of the misleading title.  They don't carry this paci in stores near me and I thought I was receiving a two pack.  I received only one and it would have been nice to know because I could have ordered more at the time.  Now I'll have to reorder and wait.  Someone really needs to stay on top of the listings.  It's very frustrating having to read around everywhere for some info.  That's not my job."
"Does what is needed to do and is good quality however, once again, you cannot choose the color. Doesnt bother me but might bother mothers of boys who could receive any color. (also the color I received: a baby blue, isnt even shown here)."
we bought this for my daughter to match her crib. quality was fair for the price. it was a pain to put it together - we tried to get the parts as organized as possible when we were doing the assembly but it was still a challenge. color was darker than what was pictured. i think the material and make of the product itself is average and parallel to the price.
"we introduced this product to my daughter first as a toy, then after a couple weeks a harness. it works great, with the exception that the tail attaches so low it throws her off balance if she comes to the end of the slack. my daughter is very independent and this allows her enough freedom to strut her stuff."
"i originally purchased the colgate eco classica i crib mattress, beige because this product was supposed to take 4-6 weeks to ship.  however, i returned that item and purchased this one instead when a few days later it was in stock and ready to ship within a couple of days.  i'm glad i exchanged the items, because i prefer that this mattress is dual-sided in terms of firmness.  the fabric on this one is not quite as fancy as the other one (which was a smooth cotton damask), but for the price (this one is only $10 more), i hope to get more years of use.  the firmer side seems a bit less firm than the eco classica i.  the product is light, so easy to maneuver, and was well-packed.  there was no smell after unpacking the mattress, and it fit my baby europa palisades crib perfectly.  i haven't tried fitting sheets on it yet, and the baby hasn't arrived yet, so i can't comment on actually using it just yet.<br /><br />9/25/12 update: after over one month of use, still happy with mattress.  however, we did flip it over to use the slightly softer toddler side for our one-month old.  the softer side plus a more padded organic cotton mattress pad seemed more comfortable while still being safe, though obviously she cannot tell us if it is or isn't."
"Product came on time and in good condition. This is an advance purchase, my baby wont use it in the next 3 months but the value for the price and the condition of the item is excellent. I am pretty happy to have bought this in advance!"
"These are the only pacifiers my daughter will take and she LOVES them. The Wal-Mart in our area stopped carrying them and I couldn't find them anywhere. We were getting desperate as our daughter will NOT sleep if she doesn't have one. I ordered 2 packs so I would have extra and wouldn't have to worry about running out again. I love the product and the price was great, but they get you on the shipping. I paid almost $10 for standard shipping for two packs in a small enveloped package. I thought that was ridiculous. Otherwise, very pleased."
We chose these because they use them in the NICUs. If they are a safe choice for the premies then we are sold. No issues with them.
I think this gift will be worth the money. My baby is not here yet but I have heard great things from friends regarding wub-a-nubs. The giraffe is pretty thin but we will see how it holds up.
I ordered these for my newborn but when the package arrived it was marked as 3-6 months. However I received the exact same brand as a gift in the 0-3 month size and I have to say I can't tell them apart. I put all three next to each other and couldn't tell there was a size difference at all. They are hard to see when they fall on the floor but we keep it attached to a paci clip so that hasn't been a big issue. Overall I'm very pleased.
"These are the only pacifiers my son will take! I'll be honest, at first I wasn't thrilled that my son took to a pacifier at 3 months. I just don't like the look of them sticking to a baby's face! However, I do like that these are clear. They serve the purpose of the pacifier (which I am so grateful for now!), but don't look hideous when my son sucks on it! I just wish they offered the clear version in the next size up as well."
These are the only pacifiers that my baby likes. they look great and the cap keeps the cleaner for longer. I wish there was a way that the cap could be tied on paci grip because the caps are easy to lose because they are clear.
"First of all, I can't find size 3 anywhere anymore. I found them here! I am so glad I did because my baby won't use anything else. I didn't get the  colors as pictured though. Good quality overall though! I'm happy"
"We ordered this because we wanted something that would help hold our newborns existing soothie pacifiers in her mouth which is almost what this is. What isn't clearly stated is that this is all one piece so it's not something that is going to make the existing pacis work better. If it did, I'd give it 5 stars, because everything else is great. It works just as described and our 8 lb preemie holds onto it as she sucks. The moo moo cow is absolutely adorable and so elegant and girly."
"We got one of these at my baby shower and absolutely love it. Naturally, having only one was a bit difficult after awhile. After searching online for more we came across it on amazon. In the description it says colors may vary and that you may receive the item in pink, green or orange. This was perfect, since we have a little girl, so I ordered two. When they arrived at my house this morning they are both BLUE!! If blue had been an option I would have put a note on the order screen. I was really hoping for a pink and an orange or at the very least two different colors. This is very disappointing."
"This arrived in the mail yesterday - My daughter is due in 5 weeks and I've read so many great reviews on these little things that I just had to buy one for her. When it came I was surprised at how SMALL it really is!<br /><br />When you look at photos of other people's photos of their babies holding these they look pretty decent in size, like this would be something that baby could use as a stuffed animal in a year or so, once they are off a pacifier. We ordered the lamb one, and with the pacifier off of it (It'll just take a few scissor snips to take it off), it looks like it could be a toy for a dog!<br /><br />It's so darn cute and tiny though... My 8lb poodle saw it come out of the bag an immediately sat in front of me, thinking it was a new toy for her. We've put it in the nursery and now she sits at the door waiting to go in so she can try and find it. (haha!) I will update this after baby arrives and we have a chance to use it, but I am hopeful that it will be a big success!<br /><br />UPDATE 9/14/12<br /><br />My daughter is 7 weeks now and she loves this thing. We recently took it on a trip to CA, and I make sure it's always in her diaper bag when we leave the house. We also have the blue bear one of these that stays at home as well. It's been great to keep it in her mouth when sleeping (she's a tummy sleeper), and when in the baby carrier, I don't have to worry about her dropping it and losing it in the carrier!<br /><br />Also - Our cousin has about 9 of these ones for his son, and they love them as well!"
"I bought this after I had received the lamb one as a gift and loved it. I think the lamb one is actually better but I still like the puppy. This one is just a little more awkward than the lamb and the colors are more yellow, not brown as it appears in the picture. Overall though, I think these WubbaNub pacifiers are great products and a necessity during the early months. I like that I can tuck the stuffed animal into my sons car seat straps to hold it in place. It's also nice that it lays on his chest when not strapped into anything and I don't have to constantly push the pacifier back into his mouth like you do with regular pacifiers. His little hand can also grab onto the stuffed animal easily."
The item came as described- a day late- but hey that is the postal system. The pacifier appears to be baby safe and came with a plastic guard over the mouth piece.
"I purchased these planning on not using them until late summer after I had established breastfeeding with my son.  However, he arrived 5 weeks early and with a very weak sucking reflex, so we have used these to help teach him how to suck.  The hospital had the soothie type pacifiers, but my son never figured out that he was supposed to suck on it.  It seemed too stiff for his weak suck reflex. Compared to the MAM pacifiers we used with my older son, I like the design of these much better.  They seem to fit better in my son's mouth, especially being much smaller.<br /><br />We initially used them right before I would breastfeed him to get him practice sucking and then quickly transfer him to the breast.  In addition, we have used them for very brief periods of time (like diaper changes or baths) when he gets very upset, as he tends to gulp air and then spit up more.<br /><br />Since my son was premature and is just now breastfeeding well, we are slowly using these less and less, but will likely reintroduce them when he is a little older.<br /><br />My only complaint so far is that I had no idea what colors we would be receiving.  I was actually hoping for more gender neutral and we ended up with bright primary colors that would have worked for a boy or a girl, but some color selections would be nice.  I really appreciate that these don't have gendered pictures or sayings on them."
Only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is that the paci does not detach for cleaning. LO loves it so much!!!!
"Our baby has used these since birth...he is 15 mos old and still in love with his paci.  They are soft and flexible in his mouth easy to attach to most paci holders, and are nearly the same shape and texture as a standard narrow neck latex bottle nipple making the use of an occasional bottle easy for this mostly bf baby.  There is a hard plastic peice inside the paci used to keep its curved shape that I wish wasn't there because if you accidentally smash the paci under foot or some other way it will break and poke through the silicone making it unusable.  Otherwise it would be very durable.  Baby now has eight teeth and hasn't bit through a paci yet."
We love the wubbanubs but have found that the giraffe shaped one [[ASIN:B003CK3LDI WubbaNub Giraffe]] works better at keeping the pacifier in.  The two are differently balanced based on animal shape and size and the giraffe does a better job of keeping the pacifier in place.
"This bear works great to soothe my 8 week old baby.  I can't get her to sleep without it.  Only problem with it is that it does not shut off after 40 minutes like they said it would.  Other than that, i definitely recommend this bear for anyone with a baby or even as a gift"
"The only problem I had with buying this product was that Amazon did not let me pick my colors. As a result, my son ended up with a pink pacifier. But the product itself is great."
Our little girl didn't like any pacifier we gave her. This all around feels very soft and the shape would likely work quite well for most babies. I love that it is natural and agree with others who recommended it. Thanks.
"Overall I am extremely pleased with these pacifiers, and will continue to buy them despite their frequent need for replacing because my little one took to them so well.<br /><br />I was able to introduce this paci to my breastfeeding newborn in week 3 with no nipple confusion (just be careful not to use it when the baby is hungry, only use it for comfort when you know he does not need to nurse, and not too often until after week 6-8). He really seems to find these soft and pliable pacifiers to be very comforting, and I like that they were designed with breastfeeding babies in mind.<br /><br />My only complaint is that they do break down rather quickly and need to be replaced about every 4-6 weeks. As a side note (an almost comical one), if you have a kitty be careful, many cats love the smell of rubber and two of our pacis have already fallen victim to our cat."
How many times are you out with your baby and PLONK!  There goes the pacifier on the floor!  Many times a bathroom or sink is just not convenient.  Make your life easier and have these handy wipes on hand.  They are food grade and safe.  I wipe the pacifier down in a few seconds...no need to look for a sink - and you can even use it for light jobs like wiping the baby's nose or face.
very cute and fun to look at but my baby doesnt play with it yet. i'm sure she will once she is closer to 1.5 years of age.<br /><br />suction cup has a really good hold<br /><br />happy overall
"i purchased the teethifier along with the zoli stick gum massagers for my 15 month old, who is cutting his first set of molars. he never used a pacifier, so i wasn't sure how this would work for us. honestly, he doesn't use either of the back-teeth teethers much, but before bed he'll chew on the teethifier while we read books, and i leave it with him in his crib. sometimes i find him chewing on it in the morning. it does make him drool a ton. he has not used the zoli stick teethers more than a handful of times, and most of the time he turns it around and chews on the non-rubbery end. all in all, if your little one's molars seem to be bothersome, i would recommend the teethifier."
I love these pacifiers it would have been better if there were options for color choices because I got two pink ones out of the 3 packages that I ordered and I have a boy
"My daughter LOVES this Wubbanub! It causes her to suck a bit louder than her usual pacifier, but I think that's because this one is flat instead of curved inward toward her face (which, BTW, I like better b/c she doesn't get slober-face or binky indentations on her cheeks!).  The stitching on the caterpillar body looks like I may end up mending it in the future, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5."
"I gave this Wubbanub as a small shower gift that I hosted for a dear friend. It was a small gathering for her 3rd baby boy and while the gift itself wasn't huge, she loved it!"
"After the birth of my daughter, the hospital gave her this brand of pacifier.  She loved it and MAM was the only kind she would use!  I believe she liked the size of it along w/ how light weight it was.  I never worried about it covering her nose or obstructing her air-way in any way.  I loved the carrying case they came in too!!"
"i purchased this mesh gate for my 5 mo old puppy.  it has a good quality and i got it for a great price.  also, i don't have to worry about my puppy getting his tiny head stuck in the gate because its a mesh gate--not straight bars.  its safe and it does the job."
these are very useful for storing baby food in small quantities.  it's easy to get the food out one at a time or all at once and then you can store them in a freezer bag.
"good quality, will have to wait to see how it holds up under the baby test.  the product looks just as pictured and the packaging and shipping were as promised."
"the animal is great, very mobile, though a little quiet on some of the settings. my baby loves it, maybe not the weird whale sounds as much though."
"works perfectly! my sister uses it all the time, it is a good quality/price relationship. i strongly recommend this product"
"the infant optics dxr-5 system could not be easier to setup: literally plug it in and turn it on!  the range works great (all the way through and around our 2-story home, in all rooms and outside), the video is clear, the audio is loud and clear, and the infrared makes even a pitch black room easy to see.  my only (and major) complaint is the system's interference on my home wireless network!  while this amazon page says \\use with other 2.4gh devices without worry,\\ the instructions with the unit clearly state \\may cause interference with home networks using 2.4gh signals.\\  alas, this is the case with ours, and it's no little \\bump\\ in our network:  with the unit on, we drop from 20mb to less than 2mbs (sometimes a complete disconnect).  while we'll keep the unit for nighttime use, this issue renders it useless during the days when i work from home...perhaps having an option to change the channel for the signal would help with the problem?"
"haven't used yet because our son hasn't been born but it looks great! arrived on time. the packaging by amazon was ridiculous, huge unnecessary box (36\\ x 24\\ x 13.5\\ ) with copious amounts of paper for filler. probably about 20 feet of brown paper shoved in the large box just to keep a smaller box (32\\ x 16\\ 5.5\\ ) inside of it from shifting in delivery. i don't know why amazon couldn't have just slapped a sticker on the smaller box and called it done... could have saved on some shipping costs you would think."
"first, yes, you will have to swirl milk a little -- that's the norm for warmers.  and, yes, there will sometimes be a little water still in the bottom and it will gradually rust the heating element. again, normal. but, this one works and works fast!<br /><br />i read through the instructions, lamented at the long heating times, the various water amounts, etc.  and then it turned out that none of that matters.  don't overfill the measuring cup but play around with water amounts until you find one that works for the typical amount of milk you heat. the heating times in the booklet are for ideal temp, i suppose, but it's warmed enough by the time the light turns off (assuming you used enough water for the amount you're heating).<br /><br />two minor problems though:  the unit is very light, so it's easy to tip over while turning it on until you get the knack for it ( pushing down on the switch/button while bracing it from underneath with the same hand -- there's a little shelf bit under the front of the unit for you to do this).  also, the adapter ring is very irritating to have to put in/out every time.  even if you have a thinner bottle (i have some dr. brown's -- they heat just fine in this), you end up knocking out or flipping the ring about.  but, you still need the ring even with a bottle you can slip in because it heats the milk so much more efficiently with the ring.<br /><br />still, it's a good product and you can't beat the price or the speedy warming.  i'd give it 5 stars if it wasn't so darn easy to tip over when pushing down on the button.<br /><br />edit: when i bought this, i believe it was $16. now it's $40... i would pay $20, but i would never pay $40 for this. btw, yes, the blue measuring \\cup\\ and its slot need periodic cleaning of algae even though it doesn't store water -- this is easy and quick to do though."
the pacifier looks exactly as pictured and seems to be of good quality. i will have to wait to see if it holds up to the baby.
"These are nice suspenders and do their job well.<br /><br />Also, they are very long for my 2 year old, so hopefully they will last for a long time (until he is 6 or 7).<br /><br />The color could be a little bit brighter though. If I could choose a brighter blue color, I would."
"This item was sent to me and it was not new (it was supposed to be new), it had scratches all over and greasy human fingerprints inside!! It was not igienic for my newborn! I sent it back immediately!"
"we got this for our 10 month old daughter who will stand but is completely uninterested in crawling.  she loves jumping up and down.  she laughs constantly while she's in it.  we were weary about purchasing this item because we weren't sure how sturdy it would be.  rest assured, the product is quite secure.<br />the only drawback to the product is that the attached toys are limited and may not appeal to a child who is easily bored.<br />for the price, we were extremely pleased.<br />be warned that depending on your child's need for exploration and/or ability to self-entertain, this product may only get a few minutes of use per day.<br />over all, we're pleased.  it is an excellent work-out for our still non-walking child who turns one shortly!"
"these was purchased for a baby shower and the expectant mother was thrilled.  it is a nice, old-fashioned sort of gift.  it is rather small, so i suspect 3 is about as old as you can be and ride it.  the main and tail could have been of higher quality silky cord, also the smell was so pungent when it was first out of the box and put together.  it took some vinegar and a week to get the stink away. so, if you are buying it as a gift, i recommend a week to assemble and de-smell it."
"we have used this product over my 2 babies, works good but when you want to protect a table with a rounded top edge it doesn't work unless you attach it from the bottom.  would be nice if they made one that fits top/bottom of a corner."
these are great the only flaw is the stinky rubbery smell after a few weeks. but baby loves them and they're all natural =)) if he doesn't mind the smell then i don't either.
"my 18 mo old daughter loves the chair, does not try to stand up in it (like she did in the regular chair) and actually takes it out to the deck when she wants to sit outside. however, it definitely has a funky smell (like moldy fungus) on the underside that i only smell when it is wet. i have to call the manufacturer and see what i can do about it."
"we have had this product for about two weeks now and is doing a great job. i do not think it should have cost $50, because the material is not the best if you have a very determined child, which i do not have thankfully. we bought the product because my daughter suddenly decided to try to climb out of the crib, and is no where near being ready for a toddler bed. she is 2 yrs old next month. she actually likes the tent effect so has little interest in trying to climb out now, though i occasionally see her trying to when i go to check up on her. we have a thick foam mattress so can bend it a little to change the sheets so we do not have a problem changing the sheets."
i bought this for our recent trips to florida and disney. it fits easily in the basket in the stroller and can quickly be pulled out and installed over top of the stroller. this is especially important during sudden downpours. it's easy enough to get on that it's actually worth throwing it on when you are going inside or parking your stroller for a while(even if you think it's only for a short time). you never know when those popup showers will hit. it keeps everything underneath bone dry.
this was the perfect model for me as a grandmother who has a 6 month grandson that visits regularly.  i have a bit of a problem with the harness button. it isn't easy to release it. also when preparing for storage the button to release the foot stand doesn't work or is difficult.
"we bought this seat for our 3 year old daughter and passed on her \\proride\\ carseat to our 1 year old daughter. we love both carseats! i really love the new way to adjust the height of the shoulder straps i just wish you could do it without taking the seat out of the car. that being said, we rated it 4 out of 5 stars because it is not so easy to install the seat into a car. the latch system is pretty simple to use but it is still not the easiest thing to do especially when trying to get the seat really snug."
i researched and researched which car seat to buy for about a month. after not being able to find a store that carried this car seat in my area (so i could go play with it) i found all the other reviews to be my insight to this car seats pro's and con's. i went with the highest rated car seat on the nhtsa website. the instructions for the installation was super easy to understand and follow. installation was just as easy (using the latch system). the car seat will not budge and the rubber base really helps with that stability. my daughter is 16lbs and very small for her age and it fits her very comfortably and she has not shown me otherwise. she is still facing backwards. the only con i have on this car seat is the sides (that would protect her head in a car crash) are much like horse blinders. my daughter still doesnt seem bothered by it. i could see a child being bothered by it if they were used to seeing out on the sides or they just needed that stimulation. i love that it clicks once the chest straps are tight enough. i find it reassuring. the height of the headrest is also very easily adjusted. it is easy to strip off the covering in case you need to wash it. its all around the best car seat for me. i drive a toyota highlander and the back seat it slanted a bit. i did have to roll up a towel to even it out for the \\level\\ requirements.
"i do love these for freezing baby food after we make it.  just be careful to not fill them too full or they will expand and the lid will pop off.  the lids don't screw down too awfully tight, but they do stack great and store great!"
"this kit was very helpful. i was very relieved not to have to drill into my railing post. this product is very solid. i did not use the 1\\x2\\ wood as my child gate came with one that was the same color of my railing. my only request for this product would be that i wish it came in different colors, possibly made out of wood.  now my railing and child gate match but i have these white blocks that stick out like a sore thumb. over all, i am satisfied with this kit."
"these seem to fit my newborn son (6 lbs 4 oz and 19 inches long) better than the newborn diapers, even though he isn't a preemie.  the backs go up a little higher than the regular newborns but it doesn't seem to get in his way so that's okay.  swaddlers in general are some of the best diapers i've used."
once i got these transferred to the wall they look beautiful but they can be a little temperamental getting them on . i would buy them again and recommend them as a beautiful addition to walls.
"Great idea for a pirate baby  or for someone who wants to inject a bit of humor into the traditional pacifier.  Not inexpensive, but fun for a shower gift."
"I bought this pacifier because we have already lost 4 of the regular ones when my baby was only 2 months old. So I decide to buy it and use it at night, because it was really easy to find when you are so sleepy. Really good purchase, I still have it and my son is 6 months old, now is not only a pacifier but also a toy for him."
"I ordered this for my son, who is due via c-section on the 15th, with buying something in mind that would be both soothing and a good thing for my baby as he gets older. Its a little smaller then I thought it would be and really the only bummer for me is that you don't have the option of switching out the pacifier, but these don't take away from the quality and the usefulness of the wubbie!<br /><br />The soothie pacifier is the same that my mom, a L&D nurse . uses at her and most other hospitals. I'm confident that we will get plenty of use of out this!"
"We have this case attached to the diaper bag, and then just put a pacifier in it as we leave the house. We use the Soothie pacifiers and they fit in fine, sometime a little crammed, but it works. Plus, it's very easy to clean, and dries out quickly. We're on our second one, first one broke after a year or so. Tried a different case after, but didn't like it nearly as well. Only could find this replacement one on Amazon."
I love this pacifier. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I was expecting better packaging for something that is new. If it were in more secure packaging 5 stars would of been given. The pacifier is of great quality and will be the perfect accent to most of my daughters outfits.
"My daughter loves these pacifiers and it's the only kind she'll take.  My son used to love avent pacifiers too.  However, i'm alittle disappointed i couldn't choose what design i wanted.  I really wanted the cat and lamb ones since we have cats and her nursery is lamb themed but we got the cow and rabbit ones.  Therefore, i only gave these 4 stars."
"I gave this as a gift to a friend who is expecting a new baby. As self-proclaimed rednecks, they loved it, and the pacifier was a big hit at her baby shower. I don't know how good it is for use as an everyday pacifier, but for photo ops and family parties, I'm sure it will be great and get a lot of laughs. If you want to make someone smile, then go ahead and purchase!"
We waiting for our baby to be born in April. Cant wait for her to try this pacifier. its cute looking especially it says Daddys girl :)
"Since her birth my daughter only takes a soothie binkie. I had gotten her a clip for her binkie, but I wanted something better than that. I asked my friend in my breastfeeding support group where she got hers and she told me the website on the binkie. I came to amazon.com upon learning the name of them and I found a TON more than the duck and red puppy. I let my oldest daughter pick out my youngest daughters Wubbanub and she found this. I love how soft the elephant is. I was also very happy that for the first time in her two months of being on Earth she decided she didn't need the vanilla scent of her soothies from the hospital. We will now be ordering her the Red Dragon, as that was the one my husband wanted to get her.  I only gave it a 4 out of 5 stars because of the way it has to be cleaned, and the binkies are not interchangeable if the soothie gets worn down. At about 13-20 dollars a pop, I would think they would find a safe way to make the binkies interchangeable."
"I love the glow in the dark feature but unfortunately my 7 month old baby does not like the 6 months + nipple shape which is very different from the 2+ months shape. I found some MAM glow in the dark pacifiers in the 2+ month version at a local store and she likes those. I can finally find her paci in the middle of the night when they otherwise get lost in the dark. When she is crying in the dark instead of feeling all around the crib searching for them it sure is handy to have the soft glow to help out. For those reviews that say they don't glow in the dark, you actually need to charge them up first by exposing them to bright light for a few seconds and then they are good for the night."
I really wish I would've tried these pacifiers right away.  My daughter will ONLY take the NUK pacifiers.  We've tried 4 other types of pacifiers and she spits them out right away.  I really like that these have large air holes on the side.  Give them a try but I'd recommend early on.
"Pacifiers are so easy to lose in the nursery at night and these have  helped us a lot to locate them quickly, even if it's dull glow after a while.  With others I'm constantly feeling around in the dark or feeling around under the crib - with the Mam glow in the dark ones they usually retain enough glow for my husband and I to find them easily, and now my daughter finds them on her own which means less middle of the night crying sessions for us.  What more can you ask for?  I give them a little extra charge by holding them up to the light for a minute, which my daughter for some reason finds hysterically funny.  Other reviewers are correct in saying the charge won't last throughout the whole night, but for us it seems to be enough most of the time."
"Although a much lighter pink color than pictured, the product is great.  Really helps to keep pacifier in place except when baby pulls on the horse!  And it makes it harder to loose pacifier.  My only complaint is that the thread for the horse's nostrils was way to long and hazardous for little fingers, so I cut it out."
"my baby loves the soothie pacifier & i love how it holds the paci in place even if baby E lets go... BUT, just an FYI the paci is size 0-3months. I just bought the 0-6month size & sewed it in."
"we purchased this mobile on amazon after reading the reviews. i agree with what some have said as far as the mobile keeping our little man entertained. he last about twenty minutes in his crib with the mobile running. it clearly has his full attention when it's on for him, but then after about twenty minutes he starts to cry signaling he is done with it. keep in mind that we just received the mobile a few days agao, but as of now it doesn't soothe him enough to be a tool to help with falling asleep. overall good purchase and i would recommend it to others."
"this is a great item, better than bjorn and looks better than ergobaby.  the only problem is the color..black or brown...i live in southern california where it is always hot.  sometimes too hot to wear the carrier."
"the refills are great. strong and durable. each one holds up to about 25 diapers depending on the size. my only issue is the price for these. you only get about 10 per box. anyone who has a baby or has had a baby knows how many diapers a baby goes through per day so the refills can go pretty quick. i suppose you could reuse them, but i do enjoy being able to snap the top ring closed and toss since the smell can get pretty bad."
"there is much to like about this trainer. the sizing seems accurate, it holds a whole pee and a poop (hate to say it) while many other trainers do not. plus, with the side-open snaps, changing said poop is less disgusting. but with all that said, there are a few tiny complaints. because of it's built-in absorbency, it takes forever to air dry. i've always preferred to air dry my pul lined items, but i gave up on the trainer and tossed it in the dryer. also, for some reason, maybe the angle of the side snaps, this is very hard for my son to pull up on his own. now that he's really getting the hang of pottying, this has become more of an issue. do i recommend it? sure. but just consider all the points about a trainer with built-in absorbency."
"we bought this for our 1 year old son, and he loves it!  it's pretty big, so prob not a good idea for smaller homes/apartments.  if you have the room, your kid will love it.  it really gives them a sense of their own space, and freedom to play however they want.  not very tall, tho. really only for early toddlers, as it comes apart pretty easily."
"i have to admit, i was a skeptic.  my two year old (who thinks he is 5 or 6) could care less about the time out chair, or the naughty stey (thank you jo fine)... but for some crazy reason the fact this was portable and i'd be consistent and whip it out when needed anywhere we were... worked!  so much so that after his \\melt downs\\ he'd announce hge was finished (he stayed on this mat 100% of the time (and yes, i am shocked lol) and he would fold it and give o me to put back in my bag.  for some reason when i bought it i thought it came with all you see so want to be clear it is just the mat and the little blue bag it comes in. i believe the other pieces are probably sep.  i think that this is great as far as portability. if you have a toddler that needs to understand the two-min time out rule (who thinks it doesnt apply when not at home) - this will be a helpful tool for you! but this doenst do the trick alone! your patience and consistency in using it. it took two tries and it was set in stone for us. every child is different but i am sure that in knowing this is in your bag they will be less tempted to continue misbehaving as they see teh blue sack come out of your purse! (and yes, it is small enough for a purse! also very easy to clean!"
i bough this stroller because it had such rave reviews.  i never tested it prior to buying so after making my purchase on amazon i got too excited to wait and went to my local baby store to play around with it.  the push on this stroller is awesome and the quality is amazing but my daughter who is 4 (a rather short 4 year old) could not sit comfortably with the sun shade collapsed it came behind her head and pushed her head forward.  when it was extended she sat comfortable but had less than an inch to the top.  i had read some reviews that said it was not great for bigger kids but my daughter is not very tall so i thought she would be fine.  luckily amazon has an amazing return policy and was so helpful.  other than the head room issue i loved this stroller.
"the poor thermos foogo phases leak proof stainless steel straw bottle, 10 ounce is being deprived of a fifth star basically because i am a grown up who wanted something designed for kids. the colors were prettier, ok?  i like the design; it works great, it's just that if i want it to hold water to hydrate me, it's too small; if i want it for flavor, well. at least it's good portion control!"
Like this item but I didn't know that the pacifier is attched and couldn't be taken off.  Would love to buy another one that I can take the pacifier off for cleaning.
it gives good versatility to mutsy transporter - to use it for transportation of a newborn by mutsy transporter (chasis) without neccessity to take the baby out of the child seat. i did not give full five-star value because it is quite difficult to release the child seat from adapters. at least i have not found a trick to do it easily yet and i have to struggle with the stroller for a while.
"swing works well. music is adjustable so that music or nature sounds can be soft enough to soothe baby. rocking is gentle. however, there is a slight rubbing noise. would definitely recommend."
"a nice set, the blanket is soft and thicker then some of the others in different sets. i have returned several (stay away from trend lab, cheap thin scratchy material). it looks a bit girly in the picture (my husband was not thrilled when i showed him what i ordered), however once it arrived and we placed in the crib it doesn't look girly at all. i think it was because it was pictured in a white crib, we have a dark wood crib. i was looking for a set with out a theme. i dislike giant animals or dinos all over the babys room. i think it looks expensive and very neutral. the ties on the bumpers could be longer. the material could be even more soft but i feel that this is the best quality that i have found for under $200."
"although this isn't as thick as i thought it would be, in conjunction with the quilted sheet we purchased for our pack and play, it really makes a nicely padded mattress for the baby.  with our older child, we could not get her to sleep in the pack and play, and i truly believe most of it had to do with the hard, thin mattress that comes with the playyard.  i do not think that this by itself with a simple, unpadded fitted sheet on top is enough to compensate for the lack of padding in the stock mattress.  do yourself a favor and order a carter's fitted quilted velour sheet or something similar.  our playyard measures 26 inches by almost 39 inches and these fit very well, leaving no gaps, even in the \\bassinette\\ function of our pack and play.  we have yet to try this with our baby as our baby is not due for a few weeks yet, but i  am very encouraged and hopeful that this will be much more comfortable than the stock mattress alone with a fitted sheet.  i will update later."
"this is adorable! it was easy to put together, had great instructions! not a bouncer bouncer though as i wished it would be, but does have a slight bounce to it. the toys on it are very entertaining for baby. amazons shipping was amazingly fast :) overall happy with my purchase!"
At first I thought a clear pacifier was so fabulous.  No annoying bright colors in any baby pictures!  But finding a dropped pacifier on the floor is a real pain because... they're clear.  They're definitely my sons favorite pacifier but they are also the kind you'll want to strap to your baby so you don't spend time looking on the floor for a dropped paci.
"Our daughter loves her wubbanub.  I purchased this when she was only a few weeks old and she used it regularly for a couple of months.  It sat nicely on her chest, especially when she was in her car seat.  I love that the pacifier is attached to the little cuddly elephant because it makes it so much easier to find in the car, at night, in her crib, etc.  Our daughter also loves to hold on to it.  Even if she wasn't able to get the paci part back in her mouth she would often chomp on the legs or another part to keep herself happy.  The reason why I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because I wish you could switch out the type of pacifier.  Our daughter no longer prefers soothie pacis but we still give this to her to play with."
"this brush works great!  i replace these brushes about once every 2 or 3 months and they do the job.  i wish they came in multipacks but as it is, i buy several at once.  works in bottles with narrower mouths (dr. browns, not wide mouth)."
these nipples were cheaper on amazon than anywhere else.  great being able to change nipple size without having to rebuy the entire bottle.
"my infant loves this changing pad. she finds it to be more comfortable than her moses basket! we are not using a cover though and there is already a little hole, maybe from her scratching it. i am happy with it though and would recommend it."
"These are nice and soft and do conform well to her face without the marks left by hard backed pacis. However she does have trouble sucking on the round paci bit. She seems to have more luck with the flat pacis which may just be due to the fact she breastfeeds. However if your little one is used to sucking on a regular round nippled bottle these would probably work fine. Overall I think they are worth purchasing if your baby can suck on them. They aren't really soft,they conform to babys face nicely,and they work well and keep her content when she can manage them."
"good product for first time bfing moms. i was using bed pillows but could never get the baby at the right height. the boppy was great. it helped me get comfortable with bfing, and now i don't need it anymore, but still occasionally use it. cons:<br />it was smaller than i expected, not sure how a bigger woman would fair since it wraps around your waist, and not sure how a larger baby would use it past the first few months. the owl cover is super cute and easy and to take on and off to wash."
"bought this to use to dry our baby's bottles and it works great!  i like it better than the racks because you can put stuff where you need it, regardless of size or shape and it grips items really well.  i just wish it was a little bigger.  we have 9 avent bottles and once you take all the pieces apart it isn't quite big enough for all of them.  so i had to buy another one.... but all in all it is definitely worth the money.  just make sure and shop around for it.  around $15 is fair, if they are showing over $20 then you can get a better deal."
"i wasn't sure what to expect with this toy, but other reviewers have long touted it as a must-have baby product, so i figured i'd give it a try. this squeaks like a dog toy, so if you have dogs who play with squeaky dog toys, beware, they may think it's theirs and try to get it! other than that, my baby seems to like it. it is nice and soft and easy for her to hold. she is 5 months now."
"i got this for when my daughter moves up to using the full size tub.  i like that it actually shows the temperature instead of just \\hot\\, etc.  it appears to be very accurate, but i can't speak to its durability since i haven't really used it consistently yet since she is still in the small sink tub right now and this isn't quite necessary yet.  and the turtle design is really cute too!"
"i have been cloth diapering my 15 month old since the beggining. i love fitted diapers. the design of the buttons is interestnig... but it works. i love the removeable insert, especially for drying.   overall, not a bad deal, and its soft against his skin after many uses and trips to the washer."
my ds seems to really enjoy teething on \\sophie\\ . its a very cute toy and does everything it is discribes. i just think its way over priced for the product.
these pants work well and are not too bulky under clothes. no leaks yet and we've been out shopping in them. they wash up well and my 2 year-old daughter likes the designs. she is able the pull them up and down too.
we went with this mattress since the price was so great and the reviews were mostly good. you can tell that it isn't a $100 mattress but the quality is good for the price. also it was a nice snug fit in our delta brand crib so we didn't have any issues with it being too short.
"like many other people that purchased the city select, i spent alot of time researching double strollers. at first i was looking at the more affordable options like the joovy ultralight, or the kolocraft contours (both of which got excellent reviews as well). however, i knew that my 2 year old would not be able to stay seated in a bench and still likes to fall asleep in the stroller (ruling out the joovy), and the kolocraft was just too large and i didn't want to be stuck with a double since my other one would eventually out grow it in a bit. this lead to looking at the more expensive options. it came down to the britax b-ready and the city select.  i must have read and watched almost every review on these two strollers that exist on the internet, and they all lead me to the same place.. they are both great strollers.  i knew i would just have to go check them out in person. the main drawback of the city select is that the seats are smaller. however the b-ready only has one larger seat and the second seat is smaller. what i ultimately did not like about the b-ready is the position of the second add on seat. knowing my 2 year old, she wants to be able to see everything so being so far near the ground wasn't going to work. i also liked the tires on the city select a lot better. the b-ready tires did not have any tread.  the drawback of the city select is the price, since baby jogger items are never eligible for discounts and rarely ever go on sale. however, i was able to nab mine at a great price on black friday where amazon had it 10% off, i also used my baby registry completion discount of 10% off on top of this and used a $50 off code for strollers i received on my amazon kindle. it was still expensive to me, especially with the second seat and carseat adaptor addons but at least i was able to save quite a bit!  i used the stroller a bunch this past weekend, at the mall and to do some christmas shopping. i loved it and so did my kids (infant and 2 year old). it isa little hard to turn because of the weight and the length, but it is a really nice smooth ride. my 2 year old loved to sit in the seat in the front. the large canopies are awesome. it is pretty heavy, but that's a given already and shoudln't be a surprise to anybody. it's easy to take apart and put together each time, but you do need quite a bit of trunk space for it. also the fact that it can easily convert from a single to a double is awesome. at one point i stayed in the car with my newborn and my mom was able to take my 2 year old shopping in the stroller as just a single, how convenient!  all in all, so far i'm really happy with my purchase. it's a really solid stroller that i'm sure will last me a very very long time. do your research and know what you need it for."
The baby bath is great. Durable and good quality.Its perfect for either a girl or boy and lets you use it for infants and then transitions for older babies. Adorable aquarium theme. Definitely a good buy.
"The design is cute, although I wish I could have picked which design I would get. The pictures display 4 different styles, and I thought it was showing front & back photos. Aside from that, these bags are durable & completely serves their purpose. I'm confident that the draw string closure won't bust any time soon. It's made out of very good materials. They're definitely On the Go bags, meaning they're not very big at all. They still fit quite a few cloth diapers & inserts inside!"
"This teething ring was purchased to replace an almost identical one that we bought for our first son and which was loved by him, our new son and their cousin. The wings are just the right size to fit into a baby's mouth unlike big round teething rings that are always too large to get right to the back of the gums where it really seems to hurt them. Also, the materials are soft chewy plastic rather than some of the much harder plastics you often see. Only downside is that the first version of this that we bought had a yellow and black body which looked more ike a bee and which both of our sons seemed to be attracted too more than this stripey green body. Sassy, why have u discontinued this product??? Its virtually impossible to get anywhere now."
"I bought this bag and the one for a double stroller, but eventhough the bag for the stroller ripped  as soon as we picked up the bag with the stroller in it, this bag worked out great and it gave me peace of mind that the car seat would be clean when we got it back at the gate."
"When we put this high chair together we ran in to two issues. We had about half of it already put together and were attempting to add another piece that required a screw to go in a hole. Well, we had the two pieces perfectly aligned but the holes did not match up. My husband had to make another hole with his tools. When we finished that and had to put the little rubber pieces on the bottom, it was missing a piece, so we had to use the hot glue gun and squirt some glue in to it so that the screw would stay. It has held up just fine, but like I said, we had to do a few things to make it work. It is a great chair though!! We really love it and also love how it can be used for boy or girl.<br /><br />After all of our issues I called amazon and explained the situation. They were wonderful and gave me a credit for my next order. Way to make a cranky customer happy! :)"
"This tub bumper is very easy to inflate and install around the tub and keeps my 22 month old granddaughter safe as she tries to swim in my tub.  She enjoys her daily bath and this bumper allows her to have fun without the worry of hitting her head.  My only complaint is that it does not stay in place.  It has large suction cups but they are spaced too far apart causing the bumper to come detached whenever it is touched or when the water level reaches the bottom of the bumper.  More suction cups need to be added.  Even though this can be problematic, I would still recommend this product as a safety item for the bath."
This sling is wonderful. It's padded at the shoulder which helps to make it very comfortable. The elastic around the sling pouch is nice and stretchy so it's easy to get baby in and out. I love that it has pockets (on both sides) so that I can tuck the pacifier in there when it drops out of baby's mouth when she falls asleep. My baby always falls asleep in this! This type of sling allows moms to carry in many different positions. I like that there isn't a bunch of extra fabric hanging down like with other ring slings.
"This stroller is light, attractive, sturdy, is a great value, and works great with the infant car seat. We are still using it three years on with our second child. Folding is about as simple as it gets and it pretty much lives in the back of our Prius with decent room left over for bags and groceries. Nothing has broken on it. There are a LOT of more expensive strollers and combi systems, but I'm not really sure what they could do any better. This one hits the real sweet spot. Most other similar strollers with an infant seat system are either quite a bit heavier, or much more expensive - or both. There are lighter strollers - but do they work with an infant carrier type car seat?  What we really wanted was a combi system (stroller/car seat) that was light enough for my wife to lift and put in the trunk. Most of the combi strollers we looked at were more like 25-30 pounds. This is only 17 lbs. Believe me, it makes a difference when you lug these things around 4-5 times a day for a few years.   This works perfectly with the matching SnugRide infant seat. That comes with a detachable base, you can easily get extra bases for different cars. And everything is priced very reasonably.   I don't know if this is still the best on the market at this point, but it's been great for us. I guess my advice would be - look at the stroller weight before you buy anything, and try to get something less than 20 lbs."
"I have the Chicco Cortina travel system and that stoller is very hard to maneuver - it is big and also not easy to control. This Contours Lite Stroller is awesome - lightweight and so easy to control.  I can push it one-handed and easily turn it, which is great when going in or out of a heavy swinging door (like at the doctor's office). Great storage underneath. Pretty easy to adjust up and recline down, although harder to push up with a baby in it.  I have 4 main complaints:  - The strap between the baby's legs is a simple narrow strap so it kind of digs into him. He is cushioned by a diaper, but he is definitely applying pressure to the strap because the back always forces the baby to be semi-reclined  - only a single cup holder for the parent - no place to put keys, phone, etc. I bought a separate caddy [[ASIN:B000SMWUPS Sunshine Kids Stroller Accessory Buggy Buddy]] that velcros onto the handlebar and that works well, but that was an extra $15 or so.  - The canopy sort of snaps open because it resists opening and then all of a sudden opens. Same with closing, but slightly less dramatic snap. When my baby is sleeping, I hate to be opening or closing the canopy since it's so loud. But my baby generally sleeps though it so it's not much of a problem.  - The shoulder straps are difficult to adjust, or at least I haven't figured out how to do it. If you can't just grab something and intuitively figure out how to adjust it, it's not a good design.  The price is great ($54 or so) and it is light and easy to maneuver, so it generally suits my purposes. I may add padding to the crotch strap as my baby gets older."
I originally got the brown bear wubbanub for my daughter. I loved it so much and ordered a second one for her. It does its job: have her paci stay in place in a cute way. But I take one star off because the long horn is less soft than the brown bear. It feels a bit rough and that was a bit disappointing to me.
"i think i love this toy more than my baby! bought it for him when he was 6 months old. has had it for a month now. he's not too into it for long but does play with it. he's more into the \\hands\\ than the teethers. one thing that keeps me from giving it a full 5 stars is that the green fabric, towel-like, is starting to lint. i only hand washed it so far but it says it can me machined washed."
"i like these because i can leave it on the buckle without having to remove it each time i take my son out of his booster seat.  my son can't reach down far enough or perhaps isn't strong enough with one finger to release the belt, but i can.  my husband with his larger fingers just uses the car key.  getting the knob to come off every time would be a major hassle- it is difficult, but it's not an issue if you leave it in place.  a word to the wise on installation- close it and slide it down over the top of the buckle rather than opening it and trying to wrap it around.  i thought it wasn't going to fit at first."
this item is very well designed to catch the attention of babies. our baby loves this mobile gym and likes the music and light that plays with it. felt little pricey for the product but by looking at the prices on shops i felt amazon is the way to go. i can leave the baby in the mobile gym for a while and get my work done. the gym can provide tummy time and activity for legs and hands. our baby laughs and makes sounds by looking at the butterflies on top while the lights come and go.
"Excellent product! we love. WE recently lost Dino one and we found this to replace it but rather, it was better idea since the head part was not that heavy so it stayed with him better."
It's a good product and easily fits two soothie pacifiers.  Only issue is that it closes loudly (bad for quiet places like church) and the hook is a little large and doesn't stay hooked onto the diaper bag.
I did think this would be bigger than it is. I am using it for cloth diapers and can fit about 4 or 5 in there.  About the same as one I recieved from the Cotton Babies store and it is more expensive and just plain white.  So this wet bag is much more attractive to carry and cheaper and it is serving its purpose.  Contain the stinky wet diapers!
"LOVE THESE!<br /><br />A lot of people say they're baby won't take them if they introduce them later, which I can understand because the nipple is a lot different than a traditional pacifier.  I did my research on them before my baby was born and decided on the gumdrop, because they don't block the baby's face and the nipple is more contoured to a smaller baby's mouth.  I took them to the hospital with me and my daughter's been loving them since the day she was born!  I do think they are pretty ugly (I like the other types with t he cute designs), but I believe these are safer and healthier.  My only concern is that she doesn't like other pacifiers and I believe these only go up to 6 months, I haven't seen a larger size anywhere.  Guess that's when we will try to take her off the bink?<br />All in all, very pleased with these.<br /><br />PS- Don't use in the microwave sterilizer, it changes the pink and purple to an ugly brown color, not sure why.  Stick with hot soap and water to clean."
The pink ones were a wee bit smaller than the blue ones. I ordered 5 of each for my twins and I noticed the difference in size. Not sure why as they are both full term.<br /><br />Other than that the paci is very good. The quality is nice and so is the price.
Great Product. I ordered it in pink and blue for my twins. For some weird reason the pink was a little smaller than the blue. Other than that the product is good.
"this dresser is a great buy for the price.  we are very pleased by its beautiful, rich cherry finish.  we had some reservations about its durability after readings its reviews, but decided to give it a shot because it matches the crib we bought.  no regrets.  be aware that the back of the dresser and the bottom of the drawers are comprised of particle board.  our dresser arrived with two broken drawers, but delta rapidly shipped us replacement parts.  delta's customer service was very helpful.  we wanted to \\fancy up\\ this dresser a bit, so i replaced the wooden knobs with some turquoise ones.  very easy to do!  all in all, we're pleased with this purchase."
"after reading the other reviews i was so excited to get these.... pumping seven or eight times a day, my nipples were getting quite sore....however.... i do not agree with many of the reviewers about these causing less pain...in fact, i find these hurt my breasts with their \\massaging\\ (really the plastic is just a little more flexible than the others so they flex a little at the cone part, hence \\massaging\\ the nipple) after the first time i thought i was going to have to trash them....but then i compared the amount of milk i got using them, and it was almost double that of the typical medela shields....so i tried again, and on a lighter suction, at a faster pace, and they were more tolerable. and to get such a better output....i suppose i can put up with the pain. i now alternate between the two types of shields. i also notice when i'm more \\full\\ i should go with the traditional ones, as the massaging shields hurt too badly. if you can stick with them, through the initial discomfort, the amount of milk you gain, (and in my case can freeze for future use,) is worth it. :) i would not suggest washing these in the dishwasher however....they are a hand wash/wipe only item else the shape will distort. i even notice after wearing them each time the shape changes a bit and so i rotate them each time on the attachments."
"i purchased these bags twice intead of some type of expensive diaper genie.  super stinky diapers still need to be double bagged (like after baby starts to eat food), but overall i am happy with these."
i like this carseat for my son. he was getting to big for his other carseat so we switched and i ended up finding this one. i would recommend this one to a friend. the only flaw about this carseat is that my son falls asleep in it and his head is constantly going forward. also the head padding part doesn't move and you have to kind of move it up in order to starp him in and it's not adjustable. other than that it's a pretty good carseat he can look out and he loves it.
"ok.  had to come back and edit my original review.  initially, i was really disappointed because, while it's advertised as for \\convertible cribs,\\ it really does not fit all convertible cribs.  we received it on a saturday in the mail, and when we saw the disclaimer inside in the instructions, we were let down.  our daughter, at 17 months, effectively mastered the art of climbing out of her crib, regardless of us putting her mattress at her lowest setting.  saturday we did not set it up because our crib is a solid back and it's not designed for it.  after a long night on saturday, and our daughter climbing out and bruising the inside of her thigh, arm, and upper chest as she rubbed the weight of her body over the wooden crib, we had to do something.  back to the crib tent.  keep in mind.  it's not supposed to fit our crib because of the solid back.  i read somewhere else how another customer tried it out and it still fit.  why?  because of the rungs on the ends of the crib.  we set it up.  the vertical straps fit to secure it down on the 4 corners.  the front is strapped down.  the sides are strapped down.  and the tent rests over the edges of the crib.  the only place that we can't strap the few velcro straps are along the back.  we needed to at least try.  and i'm glad we did.  our daughter cried at first... because she realized she couldn't climb out.  sweet peace.  while she'd want to be stubborn, climb out, and fight us to fall asleep,... this product prevents it... keeps her safe as she's not trying to go mcguiver and jump out... and... well... two words.  it works!!!  (only put 4 stars because i really do think they should expand their line to fit more cribs... or, more specifically, be detailed enough so the customers don't waste time getting a product that might not fit their crib very well)."
"this diaper changing kit is a great size, fits everything i need, even cloth diapers, and easy to wipe down. it does become a bit bulky and is hard to close when filled with diapers and wipes, but i still love it. it goes with me everywhere!"
"i bought these bags while waiting on my subscription for my genie refills to arrive. they are great little bags for on the go and they smell great. i actually used it 90% at home. i would put the used diaper in the bag, double tied it and throw it in my diaper genie. once i went to empty the genie, it was the worst smell. i do not recommend it for using it as a replacement for diaper genie bags. but out on the go it is perfect, and taking a trip over familys house or something like that. it is perfect for that"
"Our baby required the use of a soother from the day he was born due to respiratory issues. We had a WubbaNub already on hand, and were happy to discover that the nipple is the same as is used in many NICU's. Having the weight of the stuffed toy rest on his chest meant less times of getting up to replace the soother for him. As he grew, he was able to grab the soother in the middle of the night to use on his own. He now plays primarily with the stuffed toy. Since he's older and rougher on them, we purchased a few more to ensure we had replacements. We are overall very happy with the products and the designs, but one of the ones we purchased was missing a lot of the stuffing and was exceptionally dirty. We ended up throwing it away. Not sure if this was a one-off or if they are randomly different weights."
The laughs you get with your baby sucking on this in public is hilarious!  I have been stopped many times and told that we have made someone's day from the laughs they get from seeing my baby chewing on this.  It's halarious!  Not to mention it's just a regular pacifer and my child enjoys it for that aspect as well.
My son is loving his new friend. He is only 4 months right now but i know he will continue to enjoy it for months to come.
i just purchased this crib and am very happy so far.  it looks really nice and while it's not quite the quality of a pale crib...it's far more economical and just to look at it you'd never know the difference.  i'm looking forward to putting it to use in the next 3 weeks!
"i bought many many different sippy cups for my 1 year old son, and the sip and smile was the only kind that he did great with! this item was a much better deal than at the stores. the only issue was the 'colors may vary'--i lucked out and got a green and yellow-, but it is a 50/50. great product!"
"We purchased this gate to put at the top of our steps and it works perfectly. I have found that it does require two hands to get the bottom hook in and out, but it is no more hassle than any other gate. Unfortunately it isn't very attractive to look at, but it does the job and keeps my son safe."
"This was a replacement for my 2 year old, who after 2 years chewed the end off of his paci. The first horse was more of a beanbag fill and squishy. This one appears the same but has a stiffer poly feel."
"Bought it early for my son to get used to it by Halloween. Hes not really a pacifier-user and started chewing the teeth and handle first. Today he just discovered the teat/nipple. So far so good. Since I think its main purpose is for the onlookers to be pleased and to just have fun with it, Mommy's very pleased."
"I like that this pacifier has its own cap for it so that it's easy to keep clean when rolling around in the diaper bag.  My son isn't a huge fan of pacifiers in general, but he's taken to this one more than others."
"good size, not clunky, easy to find when dropped because of colored/white front, baby prefers this shape over others. but of course every baby is different so... yours may hate this one!"
i purchased this unit as a present for my sister and her first baby in december 2010 and she told me that she loved this monitor so much because it made her life so much easier while being out of direct view of her daughter. i made my first visit this week (sept. 2011) to her house since being born and came to discover that the handheld unit was a black and white screen instead of the color video monitor as promised in the add. i think it works fine but i definitely would enjoy getting exactly what i ordered instead of finding out 9 months later that you didn't get exactly what you ordered! this was the only reason why i didn't give this a perfect score...my sister loved it and that is what was important to me!
"(new edits added to \\compatible\\ section below.)<br /><br />sometimes i forget to pack the baby's one and only sippy cup.<br /><br />this 3-piece water bottle cap adapter works well, but yes, i agree that it doesn't have a vent so as the baby drinks from the water bottle through this adapter, the plastic walls of the bottle collapse. every 4-5 sips, i take the bottle away from the baby, unscrew the adapter, let the air fill up the bottle again, and then hand the whole thing back to the baby. small inconvenience, but an inconvenience nonetheless. thus, 4 stars.<br /><br />that drawback aside, there are plenty of benefits:<br />1. cover exists! it does have a clear cap that snaps over the spout! (at least, mine does! i did wonder why previous customers didn't get their caps...)<br />2. portable! it's small enough to keep in a pocket, purse, pacifier bag... even a gladware 1/2-cup mini round storage container (the kind you can find at a supermarket or amazon, 8 units per pack [...]). yes, a sandwich bag will also do in a pinch.<br />3. easy to clean! each piece -- silicone spout, green \\neck\\ and clear cap -- are extremely easy to handwash using the smaller nipple brush attachments that most people have. if water's the only thing that you use it for, there's less of a worry about scrubbing off juice bits.<br />4. compatible! for poland spring bottles, the adapter works if the green \\neck\\ is screwed with the logo upside down. although the directions do say this clearly, i'd say it here too: if the adapter doesn't work with the particular water bottle you have, try re-inserting the spout through the green neck but in the opposite direction so that the logo on the green neck appears upside down. the green \\neck\\ is threaded on both ends, expanding its compatibility with a range of water bottles.<br />edit oct. 2011: compatible with the platypus platy soft bottle with closure cap. this product combo has proven to be a very convenient way to carry baby's drinking water.<br/>5. chewable! my baby likes chewing thoughtfully on the silicone spout between sips. no damage yet, to baby or bottle cap adapter. but i'm sure green sprouts will warn against treating this adapter as a toy. it's not a toy, okay?<br />6. no leaks! if the adapter is screwed on correctly for the water bottle you have (and assuming the two are compatible), turning the water bottle upside down does not create a shower. if anything, it's hard to get liquid out... see drawback above."
well worth the price. told my children that this is where their stuffed animals would rest and be happy. it has become a great place for them to lounge with their friends.
i have not had the chance to use this item yet as our baby is not due for another two months.<br /><br />i think i will like the hanging bag feature it has but it is a lot smaller in person then i gathered from the photo.it will still do the job and from appearances will look to hold 10-12 diapers? just wish it was bigger.
"i found this through looking for top registry items. i seriously wonder how a toy can be a top registry item when it's simply a toy. anyways, i purchased it because i was on a spree looking for hanging toys for my little one's play gym mat and decided to try this (based on the reviews).  it's actually not a bad purchase although i wouldnt say it's the best just yet.   i love that the tunes don't just end after a few seconds. there are about 5-6 tunes that aren't annoying (in fact, made one of the most annoying tunes before sound pleasing now). there are lights that flashes to the tune of the songs which is a plus cuz babies love looking at lights. it's easy to take anywhere you go.  and lastly, it made my little one smile.  normally i get a smile here and there. with this, i got possibly three smiles in a row. i stopped the music to make sure it was actually the music making him smile, then turned it back on..and he smiled again. for this reason alone, i give this product a 4. i would give this product a 5 if i can get a non stop giggle from my baby."
"the bottles were fine, my wife just wished they were an inch or so longer in length - they were a bit on the short side."
"i bought this cover because the only other one i had was blue and i am having a baby girl soon. it's super cute, easy to wash and it really would work for either a boy or a girl because it is more red."
"i'm using this for co-sleeping. i've had it about a week now and so far so good. my kid is only six weeks old and he doesn't move around much yet so i can't fully review this product, but so far it's what i expected. i think it can be improved upon to better suit the co-sleeping clientele but it's the best i could find.<br />update: nine months later and i like this product even more. we are still co-sleeping/bed-sharing and this product is indispensable. we even take it with us when we travel (although we haven't had to fly with it yet). we use a bungee cord to secure the legs to the frame so they don't flop around. and when we do fly we plan to take it apart to fit in a suitcase.<br />we've used bed bumpers too and we still do in the center of the bed  to separate my husband's space from me and the baby's space (although we don't use the bumper we bought, just a rolled up blanket, but that's for another review). what i like most is that this product makes the entire bed usable, while bed bumpers take up valuable inches. it's also very sturdy. what i don't like is that at each end the \\arm\\ it's made of hard plastic and isn't covered with padding the way most of the other hard pieces close to the mattress are. i use a small round bolster to fill the space between my mattress and night stand. i pull it down to cover this hard plastic. there haven't been any tears caused by this yet but there have been near misses and i'm always looking out for it.<br />overall, this is one of the best baby purchases we made and i often recommend it to other co-sleeping families. i can't imagine co-sleeping without it."
"This pacifier is super silly-especially when my little one (10 months) hams it up.  My baby usually gets attention (she's a people person), but I love hearing the random giggles as we go by.    Just a note because I couldn't find info on it when I first looked:  The shape of the actual sucking part is more like the playtex pacifier style (with the upturn on the end).  We usually use advent which has a different style."
"This particular kind of pacifier was loved by my niece, so I wanted to try them and can't find them anywhere but here. Neither of my kids ended up using pacifiers, but this is a good one and Amazon is the only place I could find them."
"These Nuks have been around for ages and they still work as promised.  My one complaint is that they can become a bit waterlogged (either water or baby saliva) and make some noise when sucked, but if you have 3-4 of them in reserve and can rotate, then you're fine."
we got this pacifier for our grandbaby as this is the type of pacifier he was given in the hospital He did not take the regular kind. He doesnt really like using the pacifier much but when he is fussy it helps a lot.
"my husband and i purchased this for our son when he was four months old.  it is one of the best purchases we have made for him.  we wanted a jumper that didn't make noise, have lots of attached toys and didn't take up too much space.  this doorway jumper meets all of these criteria.  our son quickly figured out how to jump and was soon entertaining himself for at least twenty minutes.  he has been in it for as long as an hour without wanting out.  the doorway jumper enabled us to work in the kitchen, do something in the dining room and eat without a fussy baby.  prior to having the jumper, our son only entertained himself for maybe 10 minutes at a time.  i will say that this jumper works for our house because we have a very wide \\doorway\\ between the kitchen and the dining room.  our son is a vigorous jumper and in a narrower doorway he would be bumping into the door frame.  still, we thoroughly enjoy watching our son happily bouncing not only up and down, but as far as the spring allows, back and forth like a swing and in wide circles.  the only down side to this jumper is that our seven-month-old son weighs around 23 pounds and will soon be too heavy to use it.  i gave it four stars because five stars implies perfection and no product is perfect.  this works for our son, but might not work for other babies."
colors are vivid. paper was good quality. came early and in good shape. like the fact of reversible sides. added value and all that.
"Worked great for my son, especially when he had colic.  He's 3 months now and doesn't need it nearly as much, but it was a lifesaver during those first few months."
"I purchased 2 one came in great condition, and the other one needed to be replaced because it opened to easily! THe replacement one was better but not as great as the other one. No hassle in exchanging and shipping was quick!"
"This is the paci they gave my son in the hospital and it was his favorite! However, his granny was watching him one day and her dog chewed up his paci so we HAD to get more.. I liked the price, the colors, and the free shipping so I ordered them, but when they got here, my son ALREADY prefered a different one, so I kind of wasted my money, but this is AWESOME for new babies and the bulb is the perfect size!"
"These are the pacifiers that they gave us in the hospital and the only ones my daughter would take.  At the time, they didn't sell them in any stores - so I ordered here.  Was very happy with them.  They now sell them at Target & Babies r Us too."
Bought this for my 6 month-old because I liked that the pacifier is molded from one piece of rubber. My son likes to use it as a teether more than as a pacifier. Still good though.
"We purchased these for our daughter because she will only take the pacifiers from the hospital.  These are just like the ones we received there, but in pretty girly colors."
wish this was a tad bit shorter so i could climb over it easier... but it does the job and i'm really glad i have it. saves a lot of clean-up.
"pros:  easy to assemble  well made product  safe, will not tip  looks good  real item is the same as in the photos    cons:  my son just didn't like this product as much as i thought he should.  he'll entertain himself for about 15 minutes, then gets bored.  he likes to grab at the hanging toys from the leaves.  maybe he doesn't find the toys very interactive."
i bought this to have a changing table at my house. i love it will convert to a desk as my grandchildren grow. sturdy yet not too large.
this chair added significantly to the pleasures of having a baby.  by having them right up to the table they feel so much more like a part of the family.  of course this evolves into a real hands on approach to meals and has been good for my diet because i am fully engaged feeding the baby instead of myself.  it has also helped with babies schedule becasue he is eating when we eat.  a high chair has some of the same benefits but can also segregate the child unintensionally.    some velcro-on shields would be a nice addition to this item. we have limited space in a small apartment and not having a high chair is a real benefit.  this chair is sturdy and srong if installed properly.  the chair's swivel feature is great because you have clearer shot at the babies mouth on their swiveling head.  the only draw back is the mess that builds up on the padding between the eater and feeder.  we solved this by draping a receiving blanket over the pad during feeding and washing it as needed.  would i buy it again? you bet i would.
"would be 5 stars, but the black stripes are fading (and did after the first time i washed it)...fits a lot and keeps things cool - and looks adorable!"
"i pleased with this cute eco-friendly placemat.   a ribbon was attached to the mat.  whenever i wash, it bother me, so i take it out.   also, i am not sure about chalk pocket...  it's kind of on the way when my son eat meals...  anyways, these are little complains.    all things consider, i am happy with it."
"I really like these pacifiers, but I wasn't able to use them for very long.  My baby has really chubby cheeks and the curve on these pacifiers started to make sores on his cheeks where the pacifier was hitting.  I tried using the 6 month + size and it didn't seem to help much."
"We didn't use a pacifier initially as it is not recommended right away when breastfeeding.  When we did, we initially used the First Years Soothies pacifiers as they were recommended for their nipple shape.  However, this pacifier had an odd circular shape that came too close to her nose and was also rather heavy and would just pop out.  Saw an ad for the gumdrop pacifier made by the same company with the same nipple shape but a nice nose cut out.  Daughter is still not very keen on pacifiers but this one she will use and it does not cover her nose or pop out.  She won't use any other type of pacifier!"
"perfect for freezing baby food.   the plastic is fragile, so you do have to be careful to not drop them (especially when frozen).  i do wish they made a 2 ounce size. but, again, they work just fine."
"it serves it's purpose well, but due to our very old hanging style windows, we had to improvise on the installation.  would probably have rated all five stars, if we had newer windows and had an easier time using the product"
"I was so lucky to have found these! They arrived quickly, the case they came in had come apart when I opened the box, but it snapped back together fairly well. made the perfect gift for a red sox fan!"
"My son only liked the 'soothie' pacifiers, but would always pull them out of his mouth and then get upset - the wubbanub is great because he could fall asleep holding onto the wubbanub stuffed animal and the pacifier would stay in place!"
"When my friend opened this gift at her baby shower, the entire room erupted in laughter. Worth every penny.     I doubt it ever really gets used. . . maybe at Halloween? But it sure makes for a fun gift :)"
"This pacifier is made of a super hard plastic.  A baby cannot bit down or squeeze this thing, so when giving nasty-tasting medicine, our baby immediately rejected it (each and every time).  We have had great success with the munchkin dropper and like the flexible nipple.  I also like that I can fully clean the munchkin, while this one does not work with a brush. It's just a little channel about the size of a small wire that leads from the reservoir to the nipple."
THIS ITEM WAS RECOMMENDED TO ME BY A NEW MOTHER AS THE BEST GIFT SHE HAD EVER RECEIVED FOR HER NEW BABY.  BOUGHT IT AS A GIFT AND HOPE IT WORKED AS ADVERTISED!
My daughter loves these pacifiers. And apparently so does everybody else because we draw so much attention with them. They are just a little pricey.
I keep this in my diaper bag. My son really loves Sophie the teether giraffe but often drops it. I use this to clean it since he likes to chew and it's always in his mouth. Very handy. One star taken away because the wipe can get dry in time if you dont use it often.
"not as flexible as the wubbanub, but my son was able to hold onto this pacimal pretty easily.  i wish the animal faced him vs me, but that's okay. it's much more weighted than the wubbanub so it stays in place a lot easier if my son is holding it; however if i'm trying to rock him it's harder to keep in place, whereas the wubbanub i can kind of prop against my chest."
"Totally keeps pacifier within reach and our baby is learning to put it in his own mouth now that the pacifier isn't falling all over the place.  And even when he falls asleep and doesn't need the soothing of the actual pacifier, he likes to cuddle with the stuffed monkey.  The only con is that I had originally thought the pacifier would be removable for easier cleaning or be interchangeable with other pacifiers, but that is not the case.  However, this item is such a must have in our house that we bought a second one, a dog (and it is quite fun to select a different animal)."
"I purchased this product because I hated running in my son's room each time his pacifier kept falling out of his mouth... I just received this product today and I love it...it's super cute and it does what it's made for.  As soon as my lil man (2m old) went down for a nap, I decided to try it out.  It does stay where its suppose to, but I think My lil' man still needs to get use to the pacifier, for he turns his head to the side alot and the pacifier doesn't want to stay in his mouth. I just think he has to get use to the fact, that the pacifier isn't going anywhere and that he can still get it in his mouth (that's why I gave it 4 stars).  I love that while its on his chest, he can grab onto the dog...it's seems to comfort him a little.  I would highly recommend this product to any parent."
"I had tried other brands, but my 4 month old likes this kind the best.  My baby only uses a pacifier to fall asleep so I wish they came with some sort of cap or case to keep it clean when it isn't in use."
"Bought this for a baby shower gift to go along with a gift card.  The expecting Mom & Dad are  AVID Boston Red Sox fans and know they will love this bottle, pacifer and bib set.  Comes in a nice presentation box."
"Our 2-week old daughter started crying and screaming from gas pain and would settle when we would let her suck on our finger.  She is exclusively breastfed and we were worried about nipple confusion if we used a pacifier.  Using our finger was often inconvenient so we eventually decided to give the pacifier a try.  It did calm her right away and I liked that the design was shaped slightly like a breast nipple.    The pacifier did change her latch slightly so we try to use it as little as possible.  The biggest down side for us was that she can't keep it in her mouth.  It falls out or she spits it out every few minutes and starts crying until we put it back in.  For her the MAM style of pacifier worked better...it didn't rub on her chin and she was able to keep it in her mouth.  I think the Avent Soothie works ok, and may work well for another child.  It just wasn't the best fit for ours."
"I could have sworn I put new batteries in it and then a week later I had to replace the batteries again.  Other than that it works okay, it's pretty easy to understand but it does look like a cheap toy when you open it.  Am I sure it is working???  I don't know, I assume it is.  My advice is get it if you really think you need it, otherwise you can skip it."
"it looks nice in my babys nursery! i have read a lot of reviews about difficult assembly before i purchased it, but my husband had it assembled in about 45 minutes by himself. the only problem i found is the paint was a little chipped on the bottom of one of the drawers (i posted an image under the pictures section), nothing a white paint marker didn't take care of though. other than that it is pretty much what i expected!"
"My son loves his wubbanubs (also has the giraffe). It does help keep the pacifier in, although, like others stated, it is not perfect. It is a pain to clean because the pacifier is attached. I would strongly recommend buying two so you can throw one in the wash if soiled. I threw it in the washer in a delicate laundry bag and let it air dry without any issues. My son really likes to squeeze the stuffed animal when he has the pacifier - sometimes a pain because he grabs it and pulls it out unintentionally... but all in all a great idea! A must have for babies (and their parents) who love their pacifiers but can't quite figure out how to keep them in."
"We bought this for our daughter to use solely in her crib, so when she dropped her paci at night, it would be easier for her to find. This product certainly did the trick. The reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is because when we first got it, she found it a bit difficult to get the actual pacifier part in her mouth. This is because the paci is attached to a little piece of fabric (rather than directly onto the caterpiller), so it's wobbly. Now that she's older and has better dexterity with her fingers, it's no problem. I've also discovered that using this has helped her learn how to get her pacifiers without the attached animal in her mouth, too."
"These are my 8 month old son's favorite binkies, and I do a great deal of online shopping for the convenience factor!   I ordered 'boy colors' and received bright pink and purple. I happen to not care about the typical boy or girl colors so it wasn't an issue for me. (People have commented, and I just say, Pink is his favorite color!, and laugh!)  I will order these again, as my son seems to wear them out with regularity."
"Neat set of pacifiers. There are two of them that come in a box. I expected just one and that was a welcome surprise. Our baby was taking the gumdrop infant pacifier and this one is a bit bigger and flatter, so he won't take it. Gets a bit stressed whenever we put it in his mouth. So we have continued with the infant pacifier for now. However, I intend to slowly introduce it to him on a daily basis till he is comfortable with it. We got the transparent ones. Looks great... good quality material."
"This is a great little pacifier box. It fits well on a diaper bag shoulder strap, or my handbag. It snaps shut tightly so there is no fear of the pacifier falling out. Some people say it holds two pacifiers, but I guess it depends on the pacifier size. It would hold two tiny ones, but I have the playtex ones with the little handle, and fitting two inside this box is a real tight squeeze. One of them fit perfectly though. Overall, its a great pacifier carry box and does the job!"
"I love these pacifiers because they have a cover that snaps on them to keep them clean while tumbling around in the diaper bag.  They also have the handle to be able to hold them without touching the nipple.  My baby hasn't decided if she loves them yet, but that doesn't stop me from loving them!  The only thing I don't like is that you can't pick the color here.  Colors and Designs may vary.  I received a yellow one and a blue one in my package.  They were not as girly as I wanted for my girl.  It may be safer to buy them in a store and choose your colors."
"I gave this pacifier to my friend who love heavy metal and hard Rock. His baby got al those cute things from Winnie the Pooh, flowers and butterfly. I wanted something that remains her dad. Pacifier Rocks!"
My son loves to hold on to the giraffe even when he is not sucking on the pacifier. It's so cute! I gave it four stars because I have no idea why these cost so much!!
"Our twins love these pacifiers.  The handle is the part that glows in the dark (not the whole pacifier).   This feature makes it easy to find the pacifier if it falls out  within the first hour of putting the babies to bed.   My only complaint about the pacifiers is that there's a nose cutout only on the top, but the babies are old enough to put the pacifiers in and take them out on their own, and the babies don't know there's a right way....   so the pacifiers end up upside-down about half the time and slightly poking them in the nose.    Other than that- the pacifiers are great.  We boil them on occasion to sterilize."
It's smaller than I thought it was going to be. I'm only now starting to buy stuff for the baby we are expecting. I had some newborn pacifiers and wanted to see how they were going to fit. Two gumdrop pacifiers fit CRAMMED in there. But basically this is only big enough for one pacifier. It's cute though.. and probably will come in handy for sure.
"My son has been using these pacifiers and they work great. He has had no problems with nipple confusion or breastfeeding. My only con is that he will gag on it every so often. I don't know if he has a small mouth or if the nipple is too long. I do recommend these though, they're great."
"Its got great quality material. Few things I don't like about it is the color of the lips is not natural-looking, but it would've not affected my decision of buying it if i've seen one in person before buying it. This pacifier made people laugh inspite of it. When washing it, water seeps inside the nipple and baby could drink that stagnant (dirty) water."
"So, when i saw this product i loved it! but i knew that my 3 month old baby would hate the pacifier part. the only paci she ever takes is the NAM kind because they have bigger bulbs at the end for her to suck on. Also, other pacifiers are shaped too similarly to her milk bottles and she gets mad that milk doesn't come out of them. I also wasn't thrilled that you had to wash the paci with the toy. So being a crafty mom, i knew i could fix this so she would like it. I got it in the mail yesterday and as i predicted she just spit it out. so i took my seam ripper and got the pacifier off easily without hurting the toy. then i took one of the holders for the nam which come apart and there is a hole at the end where the tie for the clip goes through - it was the perfect size for the hole i had made. a few stitches and viola! popped the pacifier in the holder (i also like that it can spin around in the holder) and we were good to go. she had been crying for about 15 mins, i put it in her mouth, showed her how she could grab on to it and she was sleeping within minutes. she has fallen asleep with it 4 times since then. so, like i said - i loved the idea of this product but had to make it work for me. just an idea for some of you other crafty moms (or dads) out there ;)"
"I like having this gizmo. It takes two pushes to get the process to begin. When the light goes on, you just close the top and wait. I wish there was a way to show that the germs are actually gone. I just trust that it does what it is supposed to do. It takes up a bit of space in the diaper bag, (about 2 fists worth) but I do have room for it. It looks spacy. I wish it were made to close and throw it in the bag to let it work. I have to set it on a table or so while it is working. Mine has been around for about a year not w/o it breaking. I am glad to have it. It definately gets attention and people think I am a cool mom in the know about all of the latest baby gizmos. Ha! Now if only there were a gizmo to get my toddler to stop taking my infant's pacifier in the first place. Then, I would hardly need this."
"This item is adorable, I sure wish my 4 month old picked up the paci habit! The animal has a pacifier sewn into the mouth of it - it cannot be removed. My dog got a hold of this and chewed the circle aroudn the base, but it cannot be replaced without buying a whole new one! It sure would be nice if the pacifier was interchangable instead of stationary. I also thought it would be larger, but it's a tiny little thing."
"I purchased this for my son about a month ago.  We received a Wabbanub as a gift (a bear) and he liked it. I wanted another so that we could have one at home and one at daycare.  We have not tried other types of pacifiers so I can't compare them, but my son took to the Wabbanub right away (we introduced it around 6 weeks).  He can hold on to the animal part when it's in his mouth and usually manuver it back in when it falls out.  He primarily uses it in the car and at daycare.  My one complaint is about cleaning it. I have been hand washing the pacifier part with dish soap and really hot water. The pacifier does not detach from the animal so I'm not sure how I'll clean that part when it gets really grimy. My niece has a similar pacifier but the stuffed animal and the pacifier come apart."
"My baby isn't here yet but I did a lot of research as I do on everything before I buy it. These seem to be the best. When I received them my mother said they are just like the hospital ones and seemed pleased. Only reason I gave them 4 stars as of now is because even though you order the Newborn ones, You get the Full-term. I'm not sure what the size difference is but I'm hoping none or not much. The company should really fix this in the description."
"These are fabulous pacifiers.  I would recommend them to anyone and everyone who wants to get their kids started on using a pacifier early.<br /><br />The only thing I'm not too sure about is the vanilla scent on these.  They had a slight hint of vanilla scent when I first received them, but after about a week, they smelled just like our other non-scented gumdrops.<br /><br />This doesn't change how much my baby likes them but for some it might."
"This pacifier is great for when your baby is in the carseat or crib because it offers the stuffed animal to hold onto which is nice. The only down side is the fact that the pacifier is sewn onto the animal and cannot be removed. This makes it difficult to clean and really the only thing you can do is rinse off the pacifier being careful not to get the stuffed animal wet. You could put it in the laundry but this seems like too much work everytime the paci needs to be washed. Overall, nice product although a bit pricey."
I am a big fan of the Wubbanubs.  Babies can easily find their pacifiers and manipulate them and have a cute toy to play with.  Only issue is that the pacifier does not detach for easy washing.
"My baby loved her soothie pacifiers but since she starting teething has shown little interest in doing anything but chewing on her fist!  She liked the pacifier part just fine, as it's the same as the regular soothies.  But the teether is very wide, thick and heavy, and she can barely fit even a corner of it in her mouth.  Now she's a preemie, so for bigger babies this may not be a problem.  I like that is's only one solid piece so less chance of her gnawing it to bits.  I'm going to keep it around until she's better able to keep a grip on it."
"this chair is easy to set up, use and keep clean, but we are still disappointed with it. we thought that we were purchasing a solid wood chair (the price seems high enough that it should be), but this one is constructed out of well made press board? and covered in some sort of lacquer (is it safe to chew on?!). the tray is also not solid wood. the real downer is that the lacquer started peeling off of the tray after a few uses.    update:  we've been using this chair for 8 months now. we've replaced our original tray and ordered the plastic cover that snaps on to it. the plastic cover is a must if you are using the tray. it goes on and off easily and can even go in the dishwasher."
"I got this a year ago, and it has worked very well since. I carry it every where in the baby's diaper bag. I actually only use it on emergency cases... but so far, it was a good buy! It was worth what we pay."
This is an answer to my prayers.  I wish the stuffed animal was a little heavier to stay in place on my babies chest.  The soothie paci is sewn to the animal so once it wears out you'll need to buy another one.  I thought the stuffed animal clipped onto the paci.  But I still love it!
"This was one of the best purchases I have made as a new mom. The Binkibear is the perfect size for my little man to hold.   The bear is perfect way for him to find the binki on his own without me having to get up and give it to him at night or during the day.  When we are out and about so many people are fascinated by the bear asking where I have gotten it and said they are going to recommend it to other moms they know.  The only downsize was the size of the binki, little man loves the oval binki and the one that came with the bear has a palet shape and is smaller than what he was used to. Fortunately I had a binki with a handle of the shape he likes."
not much to say about a wet-bag.<br /><br />it serves it's purpose well - (no leaks) and it's sorta trendy too!<br /><br />we use bum genius cloth diapers and this wet bag is the perfect solution when you change on the go
"I love this so much more than the Soothie.  It's so much lighter than the Soothie so when it falls out, it doesn't wake up my son like the Soothie.  Also, it doesn't over up my son's face like the ugly Soothie.  The only negative thing about this is that it still leave marks on my son's cheek, but this might be because my son has extra large chipmunk cheeks."
"My son didn't like this pacifier, but he doesn't like ANY pacifier.  I love that it's orange and easy to spot and has the nose notch cut-out.  We'll be saving this bink for the next baby to see if he or she will like it."
"At 9 months old, I feel my little guy might be a tad on the older side for using this product. It's recommended up to six months, but I'm sure it's fine for the older babies who still like this particular pacifier.<br /><br />My son isn't a routine user of the Soothie, just occasionally he likes to suck on it while he goes to sleep.<br /><br />With teething, though, he'd become very distracted by the Soothie in his mouth (wanting to bite it and move it around) so I ordered this a few weeks back to see it it'd help undistract him.<br /><br />It did.<br /><br />He likes resting his hand on the dog (and occasionally chewing the dog's paws) as he falls asleep and is no longer roused by the need to aggressively teethe."
"My little guy had turned his old, barely-used Soothies into teething toys recently and we've caught him shoving the whole darn thing in his mouth. And while I'm not concerned about choking, it was clear he needed something 'more'.<br /><br />As soon as I received this, he happily took to it.<br /><br />He seems to enjoy the extra material for holding onto it while he moves it around his mouth.<br /><br />It isn't the teething golden grail of a toy I was hoping for, but it seems to be a nice addition to his chewing-things collection."
"(I am updating my initial review that said we could live without this product...we CANNOT live without!)    PROS:  -Cute  -Easy to find the pacifier with such a big thing attached to it  -Good pattern for the baby to look at  -Will hold it propped in her mouth if she's REALLY REALLY tired  -Easy to grab, so at night she can find it in her crib and pop it back in her mouth!      CONS:   --> Only reason I'm giving this 4 stars: Paci doesn't detach so the animal AND the pacifier have to go into the washer  -Easy for baby to grab and she pulls it out of her mouth ALL THE TIME    I would buy this again and am tempted to buy a second one just in case we lose this one!!"
"My 2 month old son is a breast feeding baby. We tried all kinds of differnt passies but he had no interest. For a long time I thought that he just wouldnt take one but then we tried the soothies brand and he loved them. The only problem is they are so heavy and round they are hard tohold in his mouth. So I decided to try these sense they are shaped around the mouth, figuring it would be easier for him to hold in. Unfortunetly they still fall out on a regular basis. That may just be the nature of this kind of paci but it drives me crazy because I am constantly having to put it back in. But my son does love it...I will be ordering size 2"
My little 4 month old just loves this pacifier.  I give it to her when she goes for a nap or bedtime.  She will just hold the little kitty or pet it while sucking on the pacifier.  I was a little disappointed at first because I was expecting the kitty to be bigger. But it's the perfect size for my baby.  It's worth the money. I'm getting ready to order another one.
"We weren't sure at first if we were going to use pacifiers. I didn't want to have the problem of having to keep putting it back in for him to sleep. However, we found a happy medium in using them. They really are a great transitional piece. What I mean is if you are in the car and he's hungry and you need to buy 10-15 minutes to get home to nurse, letting him suck on the pacifier will keep him from a total meltdown. It also is invaluable if he has missed his sleep window and needs the soothing of sucking to settle him down. We tried the other kind that has the wider rubber piece, but I found it would make him gag. I bought these at the grocery store late one night when we were desperate and couldn't find our others and this one was hospital recommended. They are a good pacifier. A few drawbacks to me is the little handle can be awkward and the breathing holes aren't very big. Having said that he had a easier time using this one than any others and the nipple wasn't too big for him as a newborn. Now we only use it occasionally when we need to buy some time to get home and he's hungry or tired. Be careful not to keep these lying around where pets can get to them, because we have found our cats love to chew on these!"
"i debated about whether to spend this much for a monitor.  i am so glad i did.  before the monitor, we would pop into the room constantly to check on our baby.  our floors would creek at times and wake her up!  now, we just use the monitor to peek in on her while we are in the living room.  the zoom in feature is great!  love it!"
"the seat has all the features one would expect.  however it is very large and heavy for a car seat and might even leave you with big blindspots when you are looking to turn.  also, it has a lot of man-made material which makes it extremely hot.  good idea, just make it much lighter and thinner."
"how much you will like these bumpers depends what you want them to do and how much your baby moves. i got these bumpers when my daughter was about 6 months old. i had previously purchased a bedding set that came with traditional padded bumpers. for the first 4-5 months or so, she didn't really move all that much, so the bumpers didn't really serve any purpose. but once she started really moving around the crib at night i ran into two opposing problems. sometimes she would end up with her face in the bumper, which would scare the heck out of me so i took the bumpers off. but then she would get her arms and legs stuck through the slats of the crib. so i would put the bumpers back on, but end up worrying about smothering.<br /><br />i was looking for something that would solve these problems and the breathable bumpers did the trick. i no longer worried about airflow or smothering, and her arms and legs were kept inside the crib. i've been happy enough with these bumpers, but they are a little difficult to get on tightly. and they are easily collapsible, so baby can throw an arm or leg over top of one, if they are so coordinated or lucky. these are definitely not going to keep baby from whacking a head against a side, so if that is your problem, these bumpers won't help- they are not padded.<br /><br />i think these are a good buy for people in my situation- baby likes to stick limbs through the slats, but you worry about airflow. they work best when installed perfectly, which can be difficult. but they have worked well for me."
"The big bag is perfect size for diaper bag, for diapers,  wet clothes, and it actually is waterproof (I had my doubts).  The little pacifier bag is useless for us but my son (the helpful big brother) likes that he has a bag that matches my bag. The drawstring is very easy to tighten and loosen, but stays nice and tight when closed."
"This dual pack was perfect for our needs. We use the bigger bag for used diapers when we're on the go, and my wife uses the smaller bag for reusable pads. The other reviews are right that the smaller bag is pretty small, you can't use it for diapers.<br /><br />The diaper bag did smell a little after holding a diaper for a couple hours, but we just throw the bag in the wash and it comes out just fine.<br /><br />The only reason I gave this 4 stars was because it would have been nice if these had zippers, not drawstring. However, the drawstring does a good job so it's definitely not a deal breaker."
Love them. They work great. Only problem is that the small one is so tiny that I don't see what I could use it for...
"This case is very convenient and durable. The only issue i had with it is that soothies will not fit into it. It only works with the regular shaped pacifiers like MAM and NUK, etc. That being said, once my son decided he didn't like the soothies anymore and switched to the MAM pacis, it works perfectly."
Looks cute and its what I wanted. Shipping got messed up and took some time to get here. Will be looking at getting more in future.
"My daughter had the tiniest little mouth and all the pacifiers were too big for her, but because these flex so much they were easier for her to latch on to. I think they're a more natural fit for breast fed babies too."
I get many compliments on this pacifier clip. Very durable and it does its purpose.
"It is very cute but I don't like the fact you can't separate the pacifier from the animal.  When she spits up, it of course gets on the animal.  I purchased her a paci plushie and I much prefer that because you can use any pacifier and it separates so you can wash them separately.  Someone said they put the wannanub in the washer.  That to me is gross.  WHo wants to wash your childs paci in the same place you wash your dirty socks!"
"No complaints really about the product.  I would like to see a few things telling me how safe it is-especially since the skull and crossbones glow in the dark!  Would have been happier if cost would have included shipping.  $10 was a bit much for a pacifier, but it was exactly what I wanted so I can't complain too much!"
We use these when we are on the go and we face the inevitable dropped pacifier. Have started using the Bogginhead pacifier clips and now that is not as much of an issue.
The duck is very cute and my baby likes the colors.  Also it is easy for her to grab and she likes to feel it.  I like that the wings and feet are weighted so that it stays in place better.  The only down side is that it is cumbersome when she is upset and I am trying to get her to take her pacifier.
"I ordered these pacifiers because they are my son's favorite, but the stores don't care them any more.  The description says colors may vary between red, green, and blue, but we got pink and green.  I'm all about boys wearing pink, but the pink paci is a little much!  We still use it though!"
"I bought this after my six month old folded his regular soothie binky in half and shove the whole thing in his mouth.  Scared me half to death.  I didn't want to deny him the only binky he really likes, but I also didn't want him to choke to death in his crib.  So I got this one.  It is solid enough that he can't fold it, and he loves chewing on the sides.  The only problem we have is that for the first month we had it, it was too heavy for him to keep in his mouth.  Eventually, he did get the hang of it, and now it is his favorite."
"I bought the 5 pack being optimistic that I could get my kid to switch, but he would have none of it. They seem like a good pacifier but I think maybe the wings on the side touching his cheeks bothered him."
"I came across this while searching for a pacifier holder, but thought it was INGENIOUS that they would attach a pacifier to a stuffed animal for the baby to hold.  My boy's only 6 weeks old and hasn't really gotten a grasp of holding onto things yet, but when we gave it to him, he seemed to really like it.  He already liked the SOOTHIE pacifiers so it wasn't a big deal.  I think as he gets a little older, he'll be able to hold onto the puppy better, but we think it was good for him to get a headstart and start holding onto it now.  Even when it falls out of his mouth, I like the fact that it doesn't go very far.  Sometimes he has a tendency to spit out his pacifier pretty far!      My only dislike is that you can't detach it (like with the Paci Plushies) so you could wash them separately."
my almost 2 month old loves this paci.  my only complaint is that it is sewn together so how does one efficiently clean either the monkey or paci??
"These are great pacifiers because they don't roll as much as the regular soothies.  They are also great for a teething baby to suck on.  I like how easy they are to clean, too."
"i pre-ordered this graco snugride car seat in the \\ally\\ pattern 2 months ago, before it was released. i fell in love with the modern look of the gray/pink contrasting dot design. originally, it was to be released at the end of january 2010 but that date was pushed back to the end of february. this caused me to have to pay more for faster shipping so that it would be here in time for my babies arrival. since i paid extra for shipping i was dissappointed when it arrived with a huge gouge in the box which was taped over, i assume by fed-ex, the shipper. luckily the seat and base within the box were not damaged. i don't blame amazon for these problems but if this seat had been available to purchase in a store near me, i would have preferred to purchase it in person and avoid the problems i encountered with shipping.     the seat itself looks just like it was pictured. the only thing i did not realize, is that the shoulder straps adjust in the back of the seat as opposed to the front adjust i was expecting. after experimenting with strapping in a doll i borrowed from my daughter, i don't anticipate having any huge problems with this design feature. in fact, i seemed to be able to adjust the straps tighter and with greater precision than i remember being able to with my first child's front adjusting infant seat. i was also able to move the straps from one shoulder height to the next up with greater ease than with the front adjusting model. that said, i may change my mind once a crying baby is occupying the seat.     overall, i am pleased with my purchase and the cute pattern of this seat makes the shipping problems i experienced and any future difficulties i may have with the back adjusting shoulder straps seem worth it."
"my son has been sleeping in this crib for 18 months now. i love it! it's beautiful, and it's still as sturdy and well built as the day we put it together. i also love that it includes the side rail to convert to a toddler bed. i'm looking forward to him sleeping in this bed for at least another year or two.     i only have one complaint: the side pieces aren't labeled left/right. the directions were okay, but it would be a huge help if they would label the pieces on the underside so you know which one goes on which side. at first, i put the side rails backward and scuffed the wood. i obsessed about those scuffs for a few days, but no one but other than me ever noticed them.     overall, this is a fantastic crib at an even better price, and i would definitely buy it again."
"spacious bag. nice vibrant colours. holds everything! diapers, formula, water, bottles, clothes, blankets...not appropriate for short trips unless you are like me and tend to over-prepare. the changing pad is also sufficiently padded and comfortable."
"these wipes are nice because they are natural and perfect for baby's sensitive skin.  they worked just as well as 7th generation wipes when my son had a horrible diaper rash.  no screaming!!  the only complaint i have it that they stick together.  it is hard to get only one out of the package when you have the other hand holding the baby.  this isn't a huge problem, but worth mentioning.  also, the orange essential oil smell is a bit strong, but subsides when they are stored in a wipes warmer.  also, not a huge problem, nor do they smell bad, just somewhat strong."
"this toy is fun.  the cord is a liitle hard to pull, but it is fun for my grandson."
"this was a big hit, it's very soft and clutch-able, even for tiny hands ... and big sister like to rattle it too!"
"cute set but the handles are overly heavy. they always tip small containers (yogurt, applesauce, etc.) over when my daughter leaves her spoon inside."
"i've used these spoons with my son from 4mo until now (15mo). they've held up perfectly in the dishwasher (inside a munchkin dishwasher basket on the top shelf).  the long length is good for mommy maintaining a good hold on the spoon while your infant flails his arms around!    the only downside is that the spoons aren't the best for the infant learning to spoon-feed himself. the bowl of the spoon is too little and slippery and the length is too long (bad angle for short arms). i can see where the long length would cause the spoon to \\tip out\\ of the baby food container - but with the ledge on the handle i never personally had this problem.    in summary, i'd definitely buy them again (esp for infants under 15mo) and have bought them for several friends as shower presents.    i like these munchkin spoons much better than the temperature sensitive spoons with the metal handles  1) i didnt need the temp-sensitive part because i rarely warmed up the food (didn't want him to get used to always having warm food).  2) the temp sensitive part seems like a good idea but didnt really work as the food always covered the bit that tells you if it's too hot (and it's too much of a pain to wipe it off. 3) the metal on the spoons rusts in the dishwasher and 4) the metal handles definitely cannot be grasped by an infant (too skinny and awkward for a full palm grasp)."
"assembly was more intense, but using wood glue to secure product made the crib more stable.  the material for lining was pretty thin as was the cover and pillow.  overall, the size is great and fits most any standard babydoll.  the little storage boxes made my grandaughter very happy.  the mobile is very sturdy.  this should last for a long time by enforcing everything with the woodglue.  cute in her room too."
"the 4 & 3/4:  i bought this car seat, like many other people, because it is top of the line here in the states. i am a very frugal person, so dropping $200 something on a car seat is very uncharacteristic of me. however, there are things you skimp on: hand me down clothes, second had toys, etc. the safety of my child just wasn't one of those things. this car seat is miles ahead of the infant carrier car seat we had when my daughter was first born. being frugal, before my daughter was born, i bought infant carrier car seat because it came with a stroller it connected with. my daughter out grew the weight & height requirement by the time she turned 10 months old. for what i spent on that car seat, vs what i spend on the britax and how long it will last her, i feel like i got ripped off on the earlier car seat. not only did she out grow it quickly, but it was complicated to snap her in, and although i had it latched down and had the seat belt through it and ratcheted tight, it still moved when i went over bumps.     going from that to our now installed britax was night and day. it is so easy to get her in and out of this, there are even little velcro patches on the sides that you can stick the straps to to get her in and out easier. the clicking system is great for knowing when it's just snug enough, i find that it takes between 2-3 clicks to have it snug enough, but it's reassuring to hear the clicks (it's also great for her grandparents). my daughter is still rear facing and i really like that it has a rebound strap that connects to the floor. i also like that she will be able to remain rear facing until she is 35 pounds, all the safer for her. i don't think i will ever buy anything but britax again.    the 1/4 star left off:    (note: i don't list expenses as a con, because i feel like i have gotten what i paid for)    1.) it was difficult to install in the rear facing position. we had a car seat check done (i would highly recommend this, these people put in a lot of hours to learn how to keep our kids strapped in safe and properly, and their services are free! it's worth 30 minutes out of your saturday), and we had done it mostly right, but even the car seat tech had a bit hard time getting it into just the right position (she also raved about the britax car seat and told us advantages about it we were unaware of).     2.) the seat - although it doesn't move a smidgen left to right (love that) - actually slips down towards the back of the seat of the car making my daughter more reclined back (i hope that made sense). i think this is because of the angle of our leather seats. kind of annoying, but quick and easy to scooch it back into place.    3.) this thing is big. and takes up a lot of room. i can't see this fitting in a smaller car rear facing. it just barely fits rear facing in our sequoia in the center spot (i know it wouldn't fit behind the seats with them pushed all the way back - my hubby and i are both 6 ft+, so that's a bit of a downer if we had to have her on the side).for that reason, and the difficulty of installing it rear facing initially (i think i could do it okay again on my own, i just don't want to mess with it), i have never taken this car seat out of the car, instead i always offer to drive. because again a) it's a little tricky to install (mostly because it is so big) and b) it is so big :).     that being said, i really love this car seat and feel so good about having made this purchase and have recommend it to friends and family. i love knowing that my little one is safe, secure, and pretty darn cozy in her car seat."
"ok, it's a good stroller, love the design, the 2 trays & the easy open/close mechanism, but the front wheels have been acting up since the day it was purchased. they do tend to fix themselves though, which i don't quite understand how, but they do. it's just very bothersome if you go over uneven ground & sometimes even ground, the front wheels feel like they are going to come off & makes the whole stroller shake! my 3 yr old doesn't mind, since she thinks it's funny, but a younger child may not handle it as well. anyway, for the price we got it for, i'm fine with it, but had i paid more, i would have found a way to send it back!"
"i love this plate,the plate actually stays in place and doesn't move all over the table.   before i purchased the plate, i read in a review that the utensils are not strong enough and i totaly agree with that review. the fork and spoon are not very good.  i had already utensils for my son and didn't really care about the quality of the utensils.   the plate is not on the cheap side but i love it regardless"
"i saw this in one of the free family magazines in the libraries.  i though it was a cool idea.  my kids, the younger ones (5 & 3) loves to play with cups pouring water while having their bath time.  my first reaction when i got it was that it was too small.  the biggest one, the blue caterpillar head is only about 3 inch in diameter.  but when i saw them playing with it in the tub, i think it is just the right size for their little hands.  still, depending on how you look at it.  you may want to consider the price to pay for a small plastic toy cups such as this one.  they do look great, they are very colorful, and they were made with quality plastic material.  each piece is numbered one to seven which my 5 year old had no problem following the sequence and snap them together to make it the full caterpillar as shown  in the pic.  snapping them together is not easy though even for a 5 year old boy.  i have to help him push the tabs to the holes as they are pretty tight.  they had fun, but they were not too excited about the new toy as i thought they would be."
"great product, though sometimes i wish the product had large/industrial snaps rather than a zipper so it would be a little easier and quicker to use.  sometimes it can be a bit tough to get zip in place and sometimes i accidently unzip too far down and it comes unzipped completely.  it is very warm, in fact sometimes the top part doesn't need to be on very much because just having the fleecy bit underneath the baby is enough!"
i love the color and design of this wrap . above all large size packing my two-year baby is good.
"This monkey is super cute.  Dd is just discovering it and loves to wave it around.  Its a great binky to take out and about since I tend to loose these when they go flying out of the baby's mouth.  The only down side is that the binky is permanently attached to the monkey.  So you really cannot sterilize the binky and washing it gets the monkey all wet, which you're not supposed to do.  I still like it.      edited- oops, I didn't read the tag correctly.  Turns out you can throw the whole thing in the laundry.  Works great."
It was great except the pacifier itself was thinner than the one we go from the hospital
These are a life saver when you have a hungry baby in the backseat of the car and you are driving.  they will help keep the pacifier near so the baby can keep it in their mouth.  it has helped a great deal. It missed out on 5 stars because i wish their was a way to detach the pacifer from the animal so that i could through it in a sanitizing bag but these get the old fashioned boiled water dip in water and you have to hold it in their yourself so that's a big downer.
"I think this is a brilliant idea!  I bought this for my 3 months old who is always dropping his pacifier.  It solves that problem very well!      I also bought a paci-plushie at the same time. Paci-plushie is a pacifier holder so it works with wide variety of pacifiers so you don't have to use the soothie if your baby prefers something else.  Plus, if the paci wears out, you can just buy a new $2 pacifier rather than a whole new toy!  That just makes more sense to me.  My baby happens to gladly take whatever pacifier we give him so both work for us.  I am only knocking off a star because I think that the idea of a removable paci makes much more sense.  Wubbanub works well and has helped my LO keep his paci in place."
"Even though this is 0-6 months, my newborn gags on it.  The nipple is quite large.  I am sure he will grow in to it (I can't wait for this).  I love the idea of the product and can't wait to get to use it."
"works great, easy to use but wish it held under the mattress a bit better."
"updated review 11.26.09.  we had almost two great years with this product and used it heavily.  but the battery life is shorter and the static has gotten so bad we can't use it anymore. this seems to be somewhat common, and i am disappointed there isnt a reasonably priced option for us to update our monitor.  (camera still great).  warranty is only good for a year, and this problem often doesnt occur until after a year, funny how that goes.  if we want to replace it, we pay to return monitor and an additional 104 for a refurbished unit.  bummer....    we did a ton of research before buying this product a year ago.  my daughter has just turned one and i still love it as much as i ever did.  quality is great, reliability great, very easy to pack up and move if you want to bring it on overnight trips.  the price is the price because its a great product, simple as that.  the only \\negative\\ i have read here that i'll agree with is that the color quality isnt that great.  but i worry about anybody who needs to see their baby in color. buy this, you wont regret it."
"were r pleased. i is nice and small and has good range. excellent for price paid. the only thing that we noticed is that there is occasional static, but not as bad as the others we have had."
"i have 3 kids (5, 2 and 4 months old).  my 5 and 2 years old love this stroller.  the reason i give it 4 stars is because it is not very roomy.  if the manufacture make this stroller a little more room, then it will get 5 stars for sure."
"i am happy with the monarch booster.  it is easy to put the back on/off.  my 5 yr. old thinks it is very soft and comfortable.  (i can tell it is very padded).   i like the \\wings\\ by his head, so he can lean up and sleep on longer trips.  i like the peace of mind that comes with having a britax (we've used the marathon and roundabout previously).  the only negative is that it is a little difficult putting the seat belt under the arm rests."
"great product.  low price and fast, free shipping sold me.  keeps my cats away from the front door and escaping."
when the spoon is almost empty it splatters in the baby's face. there is stil several spoonfuls left. otherwise a good product.
"i purchased this product based on what other people have said about the outcome of the results. i find the instrument to be too loud and i wonder if it is scaring the baby more than it is suppose to help the baby develop. since i am 8 mos pregnant and have been using this product for 6 weeks so far, making sure i make the time 2x a day at the same time can be challenging at times. in the beginning the baby moves a little but i find that it puts her to sleep, which might not be a bad thing because i can use it when she is born to help her relax to sleep. it makes me want to sleep too. since it is too premature to say if it does everything it claims to, i can't give it 5 stars."
"this carseat was exactly what i wanted,and there wasn't anything fancy it just was bare bones perfect."
"we bought this graco monitor as a replacement for our useless fisher price monitor (we used the fp monitor once and then put it away for a month when we needed it again the receiver was dead) and the difference is something big.<br />pros:<br />1.- auto channel selector: great feature just turn it on an it will set automatically the channel on both receivers, if you feel it has lots of interference just press \\ch\\ button and presto!<br />2.- vibe function: good but nothing i couln'd live without. it's too sensitive, almost any noise will activate it.<br />cons: the channel button: it should be on the parent receiver and not on the baby's transmitter, here is how it goes, imagine yourself sleeping, and the monitor begins to sound with static are you going to go to baby's room and to try to change the channel at the risk of waking up your baby? so the channel button should be with the parent unit! (hey the baby is not going to change the channel)"
"i ordered this after having a \\conventional\\ bumper that continuosly collapsed and would not stay taut.  i ordered this as a replacement and have been pleased. i have a convertible crib and the side does not go down (the kind that turns into a toddler then full size bed).   not only is it safe but i found it easy to install and it stays up fine.  because the material is soft, it will give if baby leans on it but it goes right  back into place.  i think it is a great safe alternative and i would recommend it to anyone - keeps babies legs/arms and pacifiers in !!!!!"
"This is a much better monitor than last years video monitor.  The screen is better, the range is longer, and the colors are brighter.  I still has limitations.  Although better than last year it still has a kinda' choppy picture."
this is my son's favorite pacifier (we got our fist one at the hospital).  i believe it is because it is softer than most other brands.  my only complaints with this pacifier are 1) it doesn't have a cover (i.e. like the avent ones) and 2) it only comes in orange (which in reality is an unattractive \\pinkish flesh\\ color).
"the monitor works good. both, sound and picture are great when you stay within the range. automatic night-vision feature is great. microphone has good sensitivity. however, at the distance over 30 feet through the walls, the receiver starts to pick up some static, which affects both video and sound. it would be nice if the receiver could turn the video on automatically if the sound level stays high for a couple seconds.<br /><br />we are very satisfied with the purchase but the static in the far rooms of the house make me give it 4 stars."
"this was a bargain at 10 bucks.  we have a jeep 3 wheeler that is rather large and bulky. this cover just barely fits, but i expected as much based on the model stroller in the photo. beware if you have a true jogging stroller that is large and/or long.  it helps that it has velcro for at the front wheel end to help it stay secure (but not vented). it's easy to install and folds fairly easily."
really nice but won't work with the evenflo comfort select pump unless you use batteries because the adapter gets in the way of the ac power cord. comes with 12 cups and lids.
"i have this in purple and i like it, is roomy, not so bulky, nice color, easy to assemble. what i'd like it to have is a couple of front or side pockets for small toys or books so my toddler doesn't have to open the lid to reach everything.  i haven't washed it but i hope it's not big deal."
"quite expensive for what it is but it's nice and thick, good quality and fits my non-standard mattress well without turning it into a banana (my mattress is about an inch bigger all round than standard size) so it's worth the extra few bucks."
it's a neat seat. i have them side by side and the wife sits back there also. i wish the top was a little bit narrower. this seat is more than 20 lbs. it's heavy
this is a good product for traveling.  we have a child that always falls out of bed and wanted something that is easy to pack and take with us.  this serves the purpose but it moves very easily and comes off the bed without much effort.  it did prevent my little one from falling out of bed.  i do like the hard railings you tuck under the mattress better but this product is easier to pack and travel with.
"it's a very practical item, it saves time and avoids forgetting milk/food being overcooked/boiled!<br />is very easy to clean.<br />is not heavy at all, you can carry it everywhere."
"Ours shipped in 10 days.  It came with all the parts, and the wood is perfect -- absolutely no dents, dings, or scratches.  The directions are a little difficult to get through; the illustration doesn't match this crib.  Once assembled, though, the crib looks gorgeous!"
